{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg949\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 ArialUnicodeMS;\f5\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red191\green191\blue191;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\csgray\c79525;}
{\info
{\title Factiva RTF Display Format}
{\author Factiva, from Dow Jones.}
{\*\company Factiva, from Dow Jones.}}\paperw11952\paperh16847\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12260\viewh15640\viewkind1
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 2 
\f1\fs20 \
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\f2\b UPDATE:  ADP  Posts Surprise 2.6%  Profit  Jump Amid Cost Cuts
\f1\b0 \
\
480 words\
5 November 2009\
00:38\
Dow Jones News Service\
DJ\
English\
(c) 2009 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf0 \
   (Updates to add CFO comments, updates stock price) \
 \
   DOW JONES NEWSWIRES \
 
\f4 \
\

\f5\b Automatic Data Processing
\f3\b0  Inc.'s (
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 ) fiscal first-quarter 
\f5\b earnings
\f3\b0  rose 2.6%, aided by cost cuts, though mounting unemployment continued to trim the number of workers at clients' businesses.
\f4 \
\
President and Chief Executive Gary C. Butler said he was encouraged by the better-than-expected results. ADP's new business sales at its employer services and human-resources outsourcing segment, which were down 2% in the quarter, "are tracking close to our expectations" and its dealer services businesses benefited from the government's cash-for-clunkers program, he added.\
\
Though rising unemployment was slow to hit payroll-processing companies like ADP, it began cutting into the bottom line early this year.\
\
Chief Financial Officer Chris Reidy told Dow Jones Newswires that "We're seeing good signs but a lot of challenges remain ahead of us." He expects the cost cuts of late last year are behind ADP, and that the company has been adding service personnel and holding steady levels of sales people that cater to its large and midsize markets.\
\
Reidy said ADP raised the low end of the cautious fiscal-year view given in July amid signs the broader economy is stabilizing and that he expects the company can return to revenue growth in the high-single digits on a percentage basis. The timeframe depends on the length of the economic trough, he said.\
\
For the quarter ended Sept. 30, ADP reported a profit of $284.1 million, or 56 cents a share, up from $276.9 million, or 54 cents a share, a year earlier. Revenue decreased 4% to $2.1 billion, with half the drop due to currency changes.\
\
Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters forecast earnings of 50 cents a share on revenue of $2.05 billion.\
\
Revenue at ADP's employer-services segment, by far its largest, fell 3%. In the U.S., revenue declined 7% and employees on clients' payrolls were down 6.5%. Pays per control--an important measure of profitability for business--fell 6.5%.\
\
ADP does about 80% of its business in the U.S. The number of companies ADP processes payroll for had fallen 2.5% to 570,000. Reasons include small business closings, as well as consolidations and mergers, Reidy said. ADP also has seen pricing pressures, particularly from local payroll providers for simpler payroll accounts that don't cross borders or include extra services. Companies have been negotiating lower fees, or more services at the same price, though not at the levels seen when things were turning down, he said.\
\
Shares were recently up 0.8% at $40.96. The stock has gained just 4% this year.\
\
-By Tess Stynes, Dow Jones Newswires; 212-416-2481; Tess.Stynes@dowjones.com; [ 11-04-09 1138ET ]\
\
Document DJ00000020091104e5b4000k2\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \page \
\
\

\f2\b  Automatic Data Processing  Increases Cash Div 3%; Marks 35th Consecutive Yr Of Div Increases
\f1\b0 \
\
215 words\
11 November 2009\
00:33\
Dow Jones News Service\
DJ\
English\
(c) 2009 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.  \
\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf0 \
 \
   DOW JONES NEWSWIRES \
 
\f4 \
\

\f5\b AutomaticData Processing
\f3\b0  Inc. (
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 ) raised its quarterly dividend by 3%, marking the 35th year in a row the payroll processor and human-resources outsourcing company has raised the payout.
\f4 \
\
The increase, by a penny to 34 cents a share, will cost the company an additional $5 million for the quarter, and bring the annual dividend to $1.36 a share. The quarterly dividend is payable Jan. 1 to shareholders of record at Dec. 11.\
\
While many companies have been cutting dividends during the downturn, there have been some exceptions, notably makers of consumer staples, which have been sweetening their payouts.\
\
ADP last week posted better-than-expected fiscal first-quarter earnings, though mounting unemployment continued to trim the number of workers at clients' businesses. The company also raised the low end of its cautious fiscal-year view last week, amid signs the economy is stabilizing and company expectations that it can return to revenue growth in the high-single digits on a percentage basis when things turn up.\
\
Shares were up 18 cents at $43.13 in recent trading.\
\
-By Tess Stynes, Dow Jones Newswires; 212-416-2481; Tess.Stynes@dowjones.com; [ 11-10-09 1156ET ]\
\
Document DJ00000020091110e5ba000gq\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  2Q  Profit  Rises 5.1% Amid Tax Gain, Lower Costs
\f1\b0 \
\
359 words\
2 February 2010\
21:03\
Dow Jones News Service\
DJ\
English\
(c) 2010 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf0 \
   DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
\f4 \
\

\f5\b Automatic Data Processing
\f3\b0  Inc.'s (
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 ) fiscal second-quarter 
\f5\b earnings
\f3\b0  rose 5.1% amid a tax benefit and lower overhead costs, while underlying 
\f5\b profit
\f3\b0  beat analysts' estimates.
\f4 \
\
For the year, the company now expects earnings at the high end of its prior view, with revenue flat to slightly down. Its prior target was a decline of 1% to 2%.\
\
The global payroll-processing and human-resources outsourcing giant, with about 570,000 clients, late last year was growing optimistic amid signs of economic stabilization that it can return to revenue growth in the high-single digits on a percentage basis when things turn up. Rising unemployment began cutting into ADP's bottom line early last year, though the pace of job losses began to slow by year's end. The company has been facing pricing pressure from regional rivals as well as its own clients.\
\
For the quarter ended Dec. 31, the company reported a profit of $315.8 million, or 62 cents a share, up from $300.5 million, or 59 cents a share, a year earlier. The latest period included a tax benefit of 2 cents a share. Revenue was flat at $2.2 billion, helped by foreign-exchange rates.\
\
Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters most recently forecast earnings of 57 cents a share on revenue of $2.17 billion.\
\
Gross margin fell to 44.1% from 46.1%, though that was more than offset by a 9.2% drop in overhead costs.\
\
Revenue at ADP's employer-services segment, by far its largest, fell 2%. In the U.S., revenue declined 7% and employees on clients' payrolls were down 5%.\
\
Its smaller human-resources segment saw revenue increase 9% as the number of employees on clients' payrolls were up 4% though margins declined on higher benefits pass-through costs. Global client retention declined slightly.\
\
Shares closed Monday at $41.07 and didn't trade premarket. The stock is up 12% in the past year.\
\
-By Tess Stynes, Dow Jones Newswires; 212-416-2481; Tess.Stynes@dowjones.com [ 02-02-10 0803ET ]\
\
Document DJ00000020100202e6220005h\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  3Q  Profit  Rises 0.3% As Unemployment Pressures Results
\f1\b0 \
\
319 words\
27 April 2010\
20:18\
Dow Jones News Service\
DJ\
English\
(c) 2010 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\
DOW JONES NEWSWIRES\
\

\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc.'s (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) fiscal third-quarter 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  rose 0.3% as the number of workers on clients' payrolls continued to fall and pricing pressures remained.\
\
The global payroll-processing and human-resources outsourcing company, with about 570,000 clients, late last year grew optimistic on signs of a stabilizing economy and a slowing pace of job losses. However, while the number of mass layoffs has declined from last year, the U.S. unemployment rate has remaining stubbornly high.\
\
President and Chief Executive Gary C. Butler said the selling environment was showing signs of improvement at its employer services and human-resources outsourcing segments. The decline in pays-per-control, an important measure of profitability for payroll-processing companies, has slowed from a year earlier.\
\
For the quarter ended March 31, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  reported a 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  of $403.6 million, up from $402.5 million. 
\f2\b Earnings
\f1\b0  per share were flat at 80 cents. Revenue increased 3% to $2.44 billion, largely on currency changes.\
\
Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters most recently forecast 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  of 78 cents on revenue of $2.4 billion.\
\
Gross margin fell to 45.5% from 48.7%, but that was offset by lower overhead costs.\
\
Revenue at 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's employer-services segment, by far its largest, rose 1%. In the U.S., revenue declined 3% at 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's traditional payroll business but rose 8% at its "beyond payroll" segment. Employees on clients' payrolls were up 2.5%.\
\
The company's smaller human resources segment saw revenue jump 15% as the number of employees on clients' payrolls rose 5%.\
\
Shares of 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  closed Monday at $45.33 and were inactive premarket. The stock is up 5.9% this year, less than the broader market.\
\
-By Tess Stynes, Dow Jones Newswires; 212-416-2481; Tess.Stynes@dowjones.com; [ 04-27-10 0818ET ]\
\
Document DJ00000020100427e64r00078\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  to Acquire Cobalt, Leading Provider of Digital Marketing Solutions for the Automotive Industry
\f1\b0 \
\
907 words\
9 July 2010\
GlobeNewswire\
PZON\
English\
\'a9opyright 2010 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.  \
\
ROSELAND, N.J., July 9, 2010 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- 
\f2\b AutomaticData Processing
\f1\b0 , Inc. (Nasdaq:
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Cobalt for approximately $400 million, in cash, Gary C. Butler, president and chief executive officer, announced today. The transaction is subject to normal regulatory review and is expected to close in four to six weeks.\
\
Commenting on the transaction, Mr. Butler said, "I am pleased to announce this transaction. Acquisitions that complement our core businesses are a key part of 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's five-point strategic growth program and the primary focus of our capital allocation strategy. Cobalt is the leading provider of digital marketing solutions to automotive manufacturers and dealers in North America. This transaction aligns with 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  Dealer Services' global layered applications strategy to increase "share of wallet" beyond its core dealer management system offering. We believe the timing of this transaction is optimal as online advertising spend is expected to continue to outpace that of traditional channels in the U.S."\
\
Cobalt is privately held and headquartered in Seattle, Washington. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  expects the transaction to be slightly accretive in the first year, with continued positive 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  contributions anticipated in subsequent years.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's capital allocation strategy also includes returning excess cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2010, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  repurchased about $18.2 million shares for over $765 million, and additionally paid nearly $675 million in dividends to its shareholders. Nearly 29 million shares remain available for purchase under the current board of directors authorization.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  will be hosting an analyst conference call on Monday July 12, 2010 at 4:00 p.m. EDT to discuss the transaction. Gary Butler, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's president & chief executive officer, Christopher Reidy, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's chief financial officer, Steve Anenen, president of 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  Dealer Services, and John Holt, chairman and chief executive officer of Cobalt will be participating on the call. A live webcast of the call will be available to the public on a listen-only basis. To listen to the webcast go to 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's home page, www.
\f2\b adp
\f1\b0 .com, or 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's Investor Relations home page, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.investquest.com/InvestQuest/a/adp/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://www.investquest.com/InvestQuest/a/\\b adp\\b0 / }}, and click on the webcast icon.\
\
As announced previously, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  is scheduled to report its financial results for fiscal 2010 on Thursday, July 29, 2010 before the opening of the Nasdaq, followed by a webcast at 8:30 a.m. EDT. The webcast can be accessed through 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's home page, www.
\f2\b adp
\f1\b0 .com, or 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's Investor Relations home page, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.investquest.com/InvestQuest/a/adp/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://www.investquest.com/InvestQuest/a/\\b adp\\b0 / }}. In addition, the slide presentation will be available to download and print approximately 60 minutes before the webcast at 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's Investor Relations home page. A replay of the webcast will be available for approximately two weeks after the event and can be accessed in the same manner as the live webcast. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's news releases, current financial information, SEC filings and Investor Relations presentations are accessible at the same Web site.\
\
About 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 \
\

\f2\b Automatic Data
\f1\b0  Processing, Inc. (Nasdaq:
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ), with nearly $9 billion in revenues and about 570,000 clients, is one of the world's largest providers of business outsourcing solutions. Leveraging 60 years of experience, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  offers a wide range of HR, payroll, tax and benefits administration solutions from a single source. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's easy-to-use, cost-effective solutions for employers provide superior value to companies of all types and sizes. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  is also a leading provider of integrated computing solutions to auto, truck, motorcycle, marine and recreational vehicle dealers throughout the world. For more information about 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  or to contact a local 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  sales office, reach us at 1.800.225.5237 or visit the company's website at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ADP.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 www.\\b ADP\\b0 .com}}.\
\
This document and other written or oral statements made from time to time by 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  may contain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements that are not historical in nature and which may be identified by the use of words like "expects," "assumes," "projects," "anticipates," "estimates," "we believe," "could be" and other words of similar meaning, are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on management's expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements include: 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's success in obtaining, retaining and selling additional services to clients; the pricing of products and services; changes in laws regulating payroll taxes, professional employer organizations and employee benefits; overall market and economic conditions, including interest rate and foreign currency trends; competitive conditions; auto sales and related industry changes; employment and wage levels; changes in technology; availability of skilled technical associates and the impact of new acquisitions and divestitures. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. These risks and uncertainties, along with the risk factors discussed under "Item 1A. - Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2009, should be considered in evaluating any forward-looking statements contained herein.\
\
Document PZON000020100709e679000rt\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  Paying $400M For Auto-Sector Internet Marketing Firm
\f1\b0 \
\
194 words\
9 July 2010\
21:11\
Dow Jones News Service\
DJ\
English\
(c) 2010 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\
DOW JONES NEWSWIRES\
\

\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc. (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) agreed to acquire privately held Seattle Internet marketing company Cobalt for about $400 million, part of the payroll-processing and human-resources outsourcing company's plans to expand its auto-dealer offerings.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  has been hurt as high unemployment has cut into the number of workers on clients' payrolls and spurred pricing pressures. However, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  and other staffing companies in recent months have seen signs of improvement as the economy has stabilized.\
\
A surge in auto-dealer closings last year amid the auto-sector's woes have weighed on its dealer services segment in recent quarters. The company in April forecast flat fiscal-year revenue, including a 3% to 4% drop in its dealer-services business.\
\
At that time, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  reported third-quarter 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  edged up 0.3% as the decline in pays-per-control, an important measure of profitability for payroll-processing companies, slowed from a year earlier.\
\
Shares closed Thursday at $40.37 and were inactive premarket.\
\
-By Tess Stynes, Dow Jones Newswires; 212-416-2481; Tess.Stynes@dowjones.com [ 07-09-10 0911ET ]\
\
Document DJ00000020100709e67900040\
\page \
\
\
Technology\

\f2\b  ADP  to Buy Internet-Marketing Firm for $400 Million
\f1\b0 \
\
By Tess Stynes   \
176 words\
9 July 2010\
23:46\
The Wall Street Journal Online\
WSJO\
English\
Copyright 2010 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.   \
\

\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc. agreed to acquire privately held Seattle Internet marketing company Cobalt for about $400 million, part of the payroll-processing and human-resources outsourcing company's plans to expand its auto-dealer offerings.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  has been hurt as high unemployment has cut into the number of workers on clients' payrolls and spurred pricing pressures. However, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  and other staffing companies in recent months have seen signs of improvement as the economy has stabilized.\
\
A surge in auto-dealer closings last year amid the auto-sector's woes have weighed on its dealer services segment in recent quarters. The company in April forecast flat fiscal-year revenue, including a 3% to 4% drop in its dealer-services business.\
\
At that time, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  reported third-quarter 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  edged up 0.3% as the decline in pays-per-control, an important measure of profitability for payroll-processing companies, slowed from a year earlier.\
\
Write to Tess Stynes at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:tess.stynes@dowjones.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 tess.stynes@dowjones.com}}\
\
Document WSJO000020100709e6790058x\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  4Q  Profit  Falls 41% After 2009 Gains; View Cautious
\f1\b0 \
\
369 words\
29 July 2010\
20:09\
Dow Jones News Service\
DJ\
English\
(c) 2010 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\
DOW JONES NEWSWIRES\
\

\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc.'s (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) fiscal fourth-quarter 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  fell 41% absent a prior-year tax benefit as the payroll-processing and human-resources outsourcing company saw employees on clients' payrolls edge up and revenue increase.\
\
President and Chief Executive Gary C. Butler said, "I am pleased that the trends in our key business metrics turned positive as we exited the year."\
\
However, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  projected 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  growth for the new year of 1% to 3% on revenue growth of 1% to 3%, while analysts forecast 5% and 4%, respectively, according to Thomson Reuters.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  and other staffing companies began to see the declines in the number of workers on clients' payrolls moderate this year as the economy have stabilized. Though mass layoffs have dropped from last year, the U.S. unemployment rate has remained high. As the economy recovers, the big driver will be generating new revenue growth and the company was planning to expand its sales force in the prior quarter.\
\
In another sign of stabilization, fiscal third-quarter client funds that are being processed by the companies were up on increases in bonuses and unemployment withholding year-to-year, which helps boost 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's interest revenue.\
\
For the quarter ended June 30, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  reported a 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  of $207.9 million, or 42 cents a share, down from $352.8 million, or 70 cents, a year earlier. The prior year included a $120 million tax benefit. Revenue increased 4.4% to $2.2 billion.\
\
Analysts most recently forecast 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  of 42 cents on revenue of $2.14 billion.\
\
Revenue at 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's employer-services segment, by far its largest, grew 4%. In the U.S., revenue rose slightly and employees on clients' payrolls were up 0.3%.\
\
Combined new business sold in its employer-services and human-resources benefits outsourcing businesses rose 25%.\
\
Its smaller human-resources outsourcing segment, which also provides recruiting, posted revenue growth of 13% as employees on clients' payrolls rose 8.5%.\
\
Shares closed Wednesday at $42.10 and were inactive premarket.\
\
-By Tess Stynes, Dow Jones Newswires; 212-416-2481; Tess.Stynes@dowjones.com [ 07-29-10 0809ET ]\
\
Document DJ00000020100729e67t00087\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  Completes Its Acquisition of Cobalt
\f1\b0 \
\
503 words\
16 August 2010\
GlobeNewswire\
PZON\
English\
\'a9opyright 2010 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.  \
\
Gary C. Butler, president and chief executive officer of 
\f2\b AutomaticData Processing
\f1\b0 , Inc. (Nasdaq:
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ), announced early today that 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  has completed its acquisition of Cobalt for approximately $400 million, in cash. Mr. Butler commented, "The transaction closed today, August 16, 2010 and is expected to be slightly accretive in the first year, with continued positive 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  contributions anticipated in subsequent years."\
\
On July 9, 2010, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  announced it had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Cobalt subject to normal regulatory review. Privately held, Cobalt is headquartered in Seattle, Washington and is the leading provider of digital marketing solutions to automotive manufacturers and dealers in North America.\
\
About 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 \
\

\f2\b Automatic Data
\f1\b0  Processing, Inc. (Nasdaq:
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ), with nearly $9 billion in revenues and about 570,000 clients, is one of the world's largest providers of business outsourcing solutions. Leveraging 60 years of experience, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  offers a wide range of HR, payroll, tax and benefits administration solutions from a single source. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's easy-to-use, cost-effective solutions for employers provide superior value to companies of all types and sizes. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  is also a leading provider of integrated computing solutions to auto, truck, motorcycle, marine and recreational vehicle dealers throughout the world. For more information about 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  or to contact a local 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  sales office, reach us at 1.800.225.5237 or visit the company's website at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ADP.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 www.\\b ADP\\b0 .com}}.\
\
This document and other written or oral statements made from time to time by 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  may contain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements that are not historical in nature and which may be identified by the use of words like "expects," "assumes," "projects," "anticipates," "estimates," "we believe," "could be" and other words of similar meaning, are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on management's expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements include: 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's success in obtaining, retaining and selling additional services to clients; the pricing of products and services; changes in laws regulating payroll taxes, professional employer organizations and employee benefits; overall market and economic conditions, including interest rate and foreign currency trends; competitive conditions; auto sales and related industry changes; employment and wage levels; changes in technology; availability of skilled technical associates and the impact of new acquisitions and divestitures. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. These risks and uncertainties, along with the risk factors discussed under "Item 1A. - Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2009, should be considered in evaluating any forward-looking statements contained herein.\
\
Document PZON000020100816e68g002s1\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b =DJ  ADP  1Q  Profit  Falls 2% On Cost Jump; Year View Raised
\f1\b0 \
\
361 words\
27 October 2010\
20:58\
Dow Jones Chinese Financial Wire\
DJCFWE\
English\
Copyright (c) 2010, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\
DOW JONES NEWSWIRES\
\

\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc.'s (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) fiscal first-quarter 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  fell 2% as the payroll-processing and human-resources outsourcing company reported higher expenses due to recent headcount additions and acquisition activity.\
\
However the results beat analysts' expectations as revenue and the number of workers on clients' payrolls turned up.\
\
For the year, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  raised its guidance and now expects 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  and revenue growth of 3% to 5%, up two percentage points for each from July's downbeat target. The company added that including acquisitions, its expects revenue growth of 7% to 8% for the current year but no immediate impact on 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0 .\
\
President and Chief Executive Gary C. Butler said the sales were 'solid' compared with year-ago sales that included large transactions.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  began seeing signs of stabilization in its business in recent quarters, though unemployment has remained stubbornly high. As the economy recovers, the big driver for 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  will be generating new revenue, with sales force expansion plans among the ways to do so.\
\
For the quarter ended Sept. 30, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  reported a 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  of $278.5 million, down from $284.1 million. Per-share 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  were flat at 56 cents a share as the amount of stock outstanding fell. Revenue increased 6.4% to $2.23 billion.\
\
Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters most recently forecast 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  of 53 cents on revenue of $2.15 billion.\
\
Gross margin rose to 41.2% from 43.3% amid the cost increases.\
\
Combined new business sold in its employer-services and human-resources benefits outsourcing businesses was flat.\
\
Revenue at 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's employer-services segment, by far its largest, rose 6%. In the U.S., revenue at its traditional payroll segment rose 2% and was up 9% at its beyond payroll business. Employees on clients' payrolls were up 1.7%.\
\
Shares closed Tuesday at $44.19 and were inactive premarket. The stock is up 3.2% this year, less than the broader market. -By Tess Stynes, Dow Jones Newswires; 212-416-2481; Tess.Stynes@dowjones.com;\
\
-0-\
\
Copyright (c) 2010 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. \
\
Document DJCFWE0020101027e6ar00dcl\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  Board Raises Dividend For 36th Straight Year
\f1\b0 \
\
165 words\
10 November 2010\
01:17\
Dow Jones News Service\
DJ\
English\
(c) 2010 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.  \
\
DOW JONES NEWSWIRES\
\

\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc.'s (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) board raised the payroll-processing and human-resources outsourcing company's dividend for the 36th straight year, coming as many corporations are boosting payouts to shareholders this year as the perceived need to conserve cash abates.\
\
The company's quarterly dividend will increase by 2 cents to 36 cents a share, at an added expense of about $10 million a quarter.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  last month reported that its fiscal first-quarter 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  fell 2% on higher expenses owing to recent headcount additions and acquisition activity. However, the results beat analysts' expectations as revenue and the number of workers on clients' payrolls grew, while 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  also raised its guidance for the year.\
\
Shares were up 8 cents at $45.55 in recent trading. The stock is up about 6% the past year.\
\
-By Tess Stynes, Dow Jones Newswires; 212-416-2481; Tess.Stynes@dowjones.com; [ 11-09-10 1217ET ]\
\
Document DJ00000020101109e6b9000i4\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  Automatic Data Processing  Plans Philippine Expansion
\f1\b0 \
\
325 words\
3 December 2010\
16:37\
Dow Jones International News\
DJI\
English\
(c) 2010 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\
MANILA (Dow Jones)--Nasdaq-listed 
\f2\b AutomaticData Processing
\f1\b0  Inc. (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) plans to expand its new operations in the Philippines as it seeks to increase its revenue from offshore centers, Chief Executive Gary Butler said Friday.\
\
Overseas operations now account for around 17% of 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's group revenue and at the opening of the company's new business processing centre in Manila, Butler told Dow Jones the company's overseas 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  are expected to rise to 20% to 22% in five years. However, Butler said 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's main business will remain in the U.S., where the economy is rebounding.\
\
Butler said 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  expects its new Philippine operations to employ around 1,000 workers within three years. About 350 of the 600 workstations in the $5 million facility are expected to be filled by the end of the current fiscal year, ending June 30, he said.\
\
Through its voice support services, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's facility in Manila's premier business district of Makati will answer human resources and payroll queries from clients, usually U.S.-based small businesses with around 30 employees.\
\
"We hope to move more voice support (services) in the Philippines," said Butler, "and do less voice out of India."\
\
He said 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  now employs around 30,000 people in the U.S., 5,000 in India, 600 in China and 500 in Australia.\
\
Butler said 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's decision in May to expand to the Philippines was underpinned by the country's lower personnel costs, large English-speaking work force and the time difference between Manila and the U.S.\
\
He said the improving economic prospects in the U.S. allowed 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  to raise its full-year guidance in October to 7%-8% growth in revenue, including 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  from a recent acquisition, from the initial estimate of 1%-3% revenue growth.\
\
-By Cris Larano, Dow Jones Newswires; 632-848-5051; cris.larano@dowjones.com [ 03-12-10 0837GMT ]\
\
Document DJI0000020101203e6c3000m8\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  2Q  Profit  Down 1.8% On Lower Margins; Lifts FY Forecast
\f1\b0 \
\
310 words\
26 January 2011\
20:51\
Dow Jones News Service\
DJ\
English\
(c) 2011 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\
DOW JONES NEWSWIRES\
\

\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc.'s (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) fiscal second-quarter 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  fell 1.8% as margins narrowed, but results topped analysts' estimates, helped by better-than-expected revenue growth.\
\
The company also raised its current-year forecast, seeing 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  from continuing operations and revenue growth of about 5% each. In October, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  had boosted its top- and bottom-line forecasts, saying it expected 3% to 5% growth in each.\
\
The payroll-processing and human-resources-outsourcing company has seen stable results recently, though higher expenses due to headcount additions and acquisition activity have dinged the bottom line of late and unemployment has remained high.\
\
For the quarter ended Dec. 31, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  reported a 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  of $310.1 million, down from $315.8 million. On a per-share basis, results were flat at 62 cents. Revenue jumped 9.4% to $2.41 billion.\
\
Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters had most recently forecast 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  of 61 cents on $2.34 billion in revenue.\
\
Gross margin fell to 42.6% from 44.2%.\
\
Revenue at the company's employer-services segment, by far its biggest by sales, climbed 6.9%. In the U.S., revenues from 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's traditional payroll and payroll tax filing business were flat. New business sales for Employer Services and PEO Services grew 16%, with sales in most of 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's markets increasing by double-digits.\
\
President and Chief Executive Gary C. Butler said the company was particularly pleased with the growth in the U.S., which has been slower to recover as the economy stabilizes.\
\
Shares closed at $49.69 Tuesday and were inactive premarket. The stock has risen 7.4% this year.\
\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf0 \
 \
   -By Nathan Becker and John Kell, Dow Jones Newswires; 212-416-2855; nathan.becker@dowjones.com; \
 
\f4 \
\

\f3 [ 01-26-11 0751ET ]
\f4 \
\
Document DJ00000020110126e71q0006m\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  3Q  Profit  Up 5% On Strong Revenue Growth; Lifts FY View
\f1\b0 \
\
282 words\
3 May 2011\
04:41\
Dow Jones News Service\
DJ\
English\
(c) 2011 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\
DOW JONES NEWSWIRES\
\

\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc.'s (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) fiscal third-quarter 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  grew 5% as new business sales grew for Employer Services and PEO Services, while the company added client revenue retention during the key calendar year-end period was strong.\
\
The company Monday also raised its current-year forecast, seeing 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  from continuing operations rising 6% to 7% and revenue growth, excluding acquisitions, of about 6%. In January, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  had projected 5% growth for each metric.\
\
The payroll-processing and human-resources-outsourcing company has seen results stabilize recently, though higher expenses due to headcount additions and acquisition activity have weighed on the bottom line. Meanwhile, the U.S. unemployment rate remains high, although 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  has reported private-sector payrolls have expanded each month since October 2010.\
\
For the quarter ended March 31, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  reported a 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  of $423.8 million, or 85 cents a share, up from $403.6 million, or 80 cents a share, a year earlier. Revenue climbed 12% to $2.74 billion.\
\
Analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters had expected a 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  of 85 cents on revenue of $2.66 billion.\
\
Gross margin narrowed to 44.4% from 45.5%.\
\
Revenue at the company's employer-services segment, by far its biggest by sales, increased 8.8%. In the U.S., revenue from 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's traditional payroll and payroll tax filing business was up 5%. New business sales for Employer Services and PEO Services increased 13%.\
\
Shares fell 0.9% to $54.20 in after-hours trading.\
\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf0 \
   -By John Kell, Dow Jones Newswires; 212-416-2480; john.kell@dowjones.com 
\f4 \
\

\f3 [ 05-02-11 1641ET ]
\f4 \
\
Document DJ00000020110502e752000t0\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  Names Co Veteran Rodriguez As President, Operating Chief
\f1\b0 \
\
294 words\
20 May 2011\
02:33\
Dow Jones Business News\
DJON\
English\
(c) 2011 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\
DOW JONES NEWSWIRES\
\

\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc. (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) promoted veteran executive Carlos A. Rodriguez to the posts of president and chief operating officer, potentially putting him in position to succeed Chief Executive Gary C. Butler.\
\
Butler, who previously held the president title, had served in the same positions Rodriguez is assuming before taking the top post in 2006.\
\
Rodriguez, who will take on the roles in June, has worked at the payroll-data company since 1999, when 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  acquired the professional employer organization Vincam. He served most recently as president of the company's national accounts services and Employer Services International divisions. He also led the human-resources administrator 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  TotalSource and spent several years as president of 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's small business operations.\
\
"We are pleased to move forward with a proven leader taking on the position of president and chief operating officer," Butler said in a statement. "Carlos has demonstrated a record of success in each of the senior roles he has held at 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ."\
\
A company representative wasn't immediately available for further comment.\
\
The payroll-processing and human-resources-outsourcing company has seen results stabilize recently, though higher expenses due to headcount additions and acquisition activity have weighed on the bottom line. Meanwhile, the U.S. unemployment rate remains high, although 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  has reported private-sector payrolls have expanded each month since October 2010.\
\
It reported earlier this month that its fiscal third-quarter 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  grew 5% as new business sales grew for Employer Services and PEO Services, while the company added client revenue retention during the key calendar year-end period was strong.\
\
-By Drew FitzGerald, Dow Jones Newswires; 212-416-2909; Andrew.FitzGerald@dowjones.com [ 05-19-11 1433ET ]\
\
Document DJON000020110519e75j0005y\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  Board Increases Repurchase Plan By 35 Million Shares
\f1\b0 \
\
177 words\
11 June 2011\
04:57\
Dow Jones News Service\
DJ\
English\
(c) 2011 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf0 \
 \
   DOW JONES NEWSWIRES \
 
\f4 \
\

\f5\b Automatic Data Processing
\f3\b0  Inc.'s (
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 ) board authorized the purchase of an additional 35 million shares of its common stock, boosting the number of shares under the company's repurchase program to about 50.4 million shares.
\f4 \
\
Shares of ADP rose 0.1% to $52 in after-hours trading. The payroll-processing and human-resources-outsourcing company has about 493 million shares outstanding.\
\
ADP has acquired over 3.8 million shares of its own stock at a cost of nearly $175 million for the first nine months of the fiscal year ended March 31. A number of companies have used repurchases or dividend increases to appeal to investors.\
\
ADP last month reported its fiscal third-quarter profit grew 5% as new business sales grew for Employer Services and PEO Services, while the company added that client revenue retention during the key calendar year-end period was strong.\
\
-By John Kell, Dow Jones Newswires; 212-416-2480; john.kell@dowjones.com [ 06-10-11 1657ET ]\
\
Document DJ00000020110610e76a000ok\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  Investigates System Breach Affecting One Client
\f1\b0 \
\
275 words\
16 June 2011\
04:23\
Dow Jones Business News\
DJON\
English\
(c) 2011 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\
DOW JONES NEWSWIRES\
\

\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc. (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) said its security team detected an intrusion in one of its benefits administration systems, which it believed affected only one, unspecified client.\
\
The breach is the latest among several recent hacks, including high-profile intrusions at Citigroup Inc. (C) and Sony Corp. (SNE, 6758.TO).\
\
Wednesday, the company, which is one of the biggest payroll processing and human-resources outsourcing companies in the country, said it is investigating the breach, which occurred on a nonpayroll platform from a recently acquired benefits administrator, Workscape. The platform is no longer sold by 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  but continues to function on a legacy basis.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  has contacted the unnamed client and said it would continue to help mitigate any problems arising from the incident.\
\
Because it is cooperating with law enforcement in the case, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  said it couldn't provide more details. The company stressed that protecting its clients and their data from "has been, and always will be, a top priority."\
\
In general, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's performance has stabilized after the economic downturn caused clients to lay off workers and, as a result, seek fewer of the company's services. In its latest quarterly results, 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  improved modestly as expected while the company reported strong client revenue retention during a key period.\
\
Shares were recently down 1.9% at $51.66 in the midst of a broad market downturn. The stock has risen 12% since the start of the year, better than the market at large.\
\
-By Joan E. Solsman, Dow Jones Newswires; 212-416-2291; joan.solsman@dowjones.com [ 06-15-11 1623ET ]\
\
Document DJON000020110615e76f0006c\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  1Q  Profit  Net Rises 8.7%; Revenue Tops Views
\f1\b0 \
\
289 words\
26 October 2011\
20:10\
Dow Jones News Service\
DJ\
English\
(c) 2011 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\
DOW JONES NEWSWIRES\
\

\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc.'s (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) fiscal first-quarter 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  rose 8.7% as the company recorded stronger-than-expected revenue driven by rising new-business sales and recent acquisitions.\
\
The payroll-processing and human-resources-outsourcing company has steadily attracted new business for its employer-services and professional employer organization services segments, helping to lift results in recent quarters.\
\
For the latest period, the company said new-business sales for employer services and PEO services were up 8% from a year earlier.\
\
"
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  entered fiscal 2012 with positive momentum. While the economic recovery has been weaker in recent months than anticipated at the beginning of the fiscal year, I am nonetheless pleased with our execution," said Chief Executive Gary C. Butler.\
\
For the quarter ended Sept. 30, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  reported a 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  of $302.7 million, or 61 cents a share, up from $278.5 million, or 56 cents a share, a year earlier.\
\
Total revenue rose 13% to $2.52 billion. Analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters expected a 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  of 61 cents a share on $2.44 billion in revenue.\
\
Gross margin narrowed to 40.3% from 41.2%.\
\
Revenue at the company's employer-services segment, the largest top-line contributor by far, was up 9.4%.\
\
The number of employees on 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's clients' payrolls in the U.S. increased 2.7% for the quarter, as measured on a same-store-sales basis.\
\
Shares closed Tuesday at $52.07 and were inactive premarket. The stock is up 12.5% since the start of the year.\
\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf0 \
 \
   -By Mia Lamar, Dow Jones Newswires; 212-416-3207; mia.lamar@dowjones.com 
\f4 \
\

\f3 [ 10-26-11 0810ET ]
\f4 \
\
Document DJ00000020111026e7aq0005c\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  Raises Dividend 9.7%, Marking 37 Years Of Increases
\f1\b0 \
\
255 words\
9 November 2011\
02:36\
Dow Jones News Service\
DJ\
English\
(c) 2011 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.  \
\
DOW JONES NEWSWIRES\
\

\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc.'s (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) board raised the payroll and human-resources company's quarterly dividend 9.7%, the 37th year in a row it increased the payout.\
\
The company, a provider of payroll processing and human-resources outsourcing, moved the quarterly dividend to 39.5 cents from 36 cents, with the increase costing roughly $17.1 million each payout. It brings the dividend's annual rate to $1.58 a share and marks the 37th consecutive year that 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  has raised its dividend.\
\
At the end of the third quarter, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  had $1.25 billion in cash and cash equivalents on its balance sheet.\
\
The popularity of dividends has held up recently even as the economic outlook clouds. Some companies have aimed their dividends at volatility-weary investors seeking a secure 
\f2\b income
\f1\b0  stream, while others have accumulated cash they want to put to work.\
\
Last month, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  reported its quarterly 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  rose on stronger-than-expected revenue, driven by rising new-business sales and recent acquisitions. Sales to small and medium-sized businesses led the growth in new-business sales for employer services and professional employer organization services, while sales to larger firms remained soft.\
\
Shares were up 0.9% at $52.25 in recent trading. The stock has climbed 13% so far this year, better than the market at large.\
\
-By Joan E. Solsman, Dow Jones Newswires; 212-416-2291; joan.solsman@dowjones.com [ 11-08-11 1336ET ]\
\
Document DJ00000020111108e7b8000is\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  Activates Succession Plan, Names Operating Chief As CEO
\f1\b0 \
\
261 words\
9 November 2011\
21:28\
Dow Jones News Service\
DJ\
English\
(c) 2011 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf0 \
   DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
\f4 \
\

\f5\b Automatic Data Processing
\f3\b0  Inc. (
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 ) named President and Chief Operating Officer Carlos A. Rodriguez as its new chief executive as part of a succession plan.
\f4 \
\
Rodriguez succeeds Gary C. Butler, 65 years old, who told the board Tuesday of his intention to retire after 37 years at ADP. Rodriguez, 47, has been with ADP since 1999 and has served as president and chief operating officer since May, responsible for the company's day-to-day operations. He will keep the president title and join the board.\
\
"Carlos is an extremely talented and experienced executive who has produced strong results in every position he has held at ADP," Chairman Leslie Brun said.\
\
As for Butler, Brun said "since he became CEO in 2006, revenues and profits have both increased significantly and the company is well positioned to continue its profitable growth."\
\
The payroll-processing and human-resources-outsourcing company has steadily attracted new business for its employer-services and professional employer organization services segments.\
\
Last month, ADP reported its quarterly profit rose on stronger-than-expected revenue, driven by rising new-business sales and recent acquisitions. Sales to small and medium-sized businesses led the growth in new-business sales for employer services and professional employer organization services, while sales to larger firms remained soft.\
\
Shares were inactive premarket and closed Tuesday at $52.85. The stock is up 14% this year.\
\
-By Lauren Pollock, Dow Jones Newswires; 212-416-2356; lauren.pollock@dowjones.com [ 11-09-11 0828ET ]\
\
Document DJ00000020111109e7b900065\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  2Q  Profit  Rises 21% On Improved Revenue; New Business Sales Up 14%
\f1\b0 \
\
351 words\
25 January 2012\
21:15\
Dow Jones News Service\
DJ\
English\
(c) 2012 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf0 DOW JONES NEWSWIRES
\f4 \
\

\f5\b Automatic Data Processing
\f3\b0  Inc.'s (
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 ) fiscal second-quarter 
\f5\b profit
\f3\b0  rose 21% as stronger demand for its outsourcing services helped the payroll and benefits-administration company book improved revenue.
\f4 \
\
Widely recognized for its stamp on worker paychecks, ADP also aims to offer companies a slew of services beyond payroll management, including benefits administration and human resources outsourcing. Recent quarters have seen some of the company's strongest growth in new customers from small to medium-sized firms.\
\
For the latest quarter, the company said new-business sales for employer services and professional employer organizations services--a key metric for ADP--jumped 14% from a year earlier.\
\
"We moved into the second half of fiscal 2012 with solid performance and good key business metrics in a somewhat mixed economic environment," said Chief Executive Carlos A. Rodriguez. "We anticipate that continued low interest rates will further pressure margins and earnings throughout the remainder of the fiscal year." Rodriguez took the company helm last year following the departure of former CEO Gary C. Butler.\
\
For the quarter ended Dec. 31, ADP reported a profit of $375 million, or 76 cents a share, up from a year-earlier profit of $310.1 million, or 62 cents. Stripping out an 8-cent per-share benefit related to the sale of certain assets, the company reported a per-share profit of 68 cents for the quarter, meeting analyst expectations.\
\
Total revenue improved 7.4% to $2.58 billion, also matching analyst estimates.\
\
Gross margin narrowed to 41.2% from 42.6% a year earlier.\
\
Revenue at the company's employer-services segment, by far its biggest by sales, rose 7% to $1.83 billion.\
\
The number of employees on ADP's clients' payrolls in the U.S. rose 2.8% during the period.\
\
Shares closed Tuesday at $56.73 and were inactive premarket. The stock is up 14% over the past 12 months.\
\
--By Mia Lamar, Dow Jones Newswires; 212-416-3207; mia.lamar@dowjones.com [ 01-25-12 0815ET ]\
\
Document DJ00000020120125e81p0005h\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \page \
\
\

\f2\b DJ  ADP  3Q  Profit  Rises 6.7% Amid Jump In New Business Sales
\f1\b0 \
\
261 words\
1 May 2012\
20:11\
Dow Jones Chinese Financial Wire\
DJCFWE\
English\
Copyright (c) 2012, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\
DOW JONES NEWSWIRES\
\

\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc.'s (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) fiscal third-quarter 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  rose 6.7% as the payroll and benefits-administration company continued to add new clients.\
\
Widely recognized for its stamp on worker paychecks, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's business stretches from payroll management to the administration of employee benefits and outsourcing of human resources tasks. Recent quarters have seen some of its strongest growth in new customers come from small to medium-sized companies.\
\
For the latest period, the company said new-business sales for employer services and professional employer organizations services--a key metric for 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 --jumped 12% from a year earlier.\
\
For the quarter ended March 31, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  reported a 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  of $452.4 million, or 92 cents a share, compared with a year-earlier 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  of $423.8 million, or 85 cents a share.\
\
Total revenue rose 6.8% to $2.92 billion. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters expected 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  of 91 cents a share on $2.92 billion in revenue.\
\
Revenue at the company's employer-services segment, by far its biggest by sales, rose 6.8% to $2.11 billion. The number of employees on 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's clients' payrolls in the U.S. rose 3.3% during the period.\
\
Shares closed Monday at $55.62 and were inactive premarket. The stock is up 3% since the start of the year.\
\
-By Mia Lamar, Dow Jones Newswires; 212-416-3207; mia.lamar@dowjones.com\
\
-0-\
\
Copyright (c) 2012 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. \
\
Document DJCFWE0020120501e8510035x\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b News Highlights: Top Equities Stories Of The Day
\f1\b0 \
\
639 words\
2 May 2012\
22:00\
Dow Jones News Service\
DJ\
English\
(c) 2012 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf0 \
 \
TOP STORIES \
 \

\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  APRIL PRIVATE-SECTOR JOBS UP 119K, BELOW EXPECTATIONS 
\f4 \
\

\f5\b Automatic Data Processing
\f3\b0  says private-sector jobs in the U.S. increased by 119,000 in April, below economists' expectation of 175,000 additions, as factory jobs declined.
\f4 \
\

\f3 TIME WARNER
\f5\b PROFIT
\f3\b0  FALLS 11% ON CHARGES \
 
\f4 \
\

\f3 Media giant's 1Q 
\f5\b earnings
\f3\b0  fall to $583 million, or 59c a share, after restructuring charges and other items, as a drop in ad revenue hurts results at its publishing business. Overall revenue rises 4% to $6.98 billion.
\f4 \
\

\f3 \
 \
S&P RAISES GREECE CREDIT RATING \
 
\f4 \
\

\f3 S&P raises Greece's credit rating to CCC from SD (selective default) after the country completed its distressed debt exchange. The outlook on the country's long-term rating is stable, the rating firm says.
\f4 \
\

\f3 \
 \
US STOCKS OPEN LOWER AFTER 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  JOBS DATA \
 
\f4 \
\

\f3 Stocks open firmly in the red after a disappointing reading on private-sector jobs, which come in well below estimates and adds to concerns over a weakening European economy. The DJIA is down 55 points early.
\f4 \
\

\f3 COMCAST
\f5\b PROFIT
\f3\b0  RISES 30% AS VIDEO LOSSES SLOW \
 
\f4 \
\

\f3 Cable and television network operator's 1Q 
\f5\b profit
\f3\b0  rises to $1.22 billion due to broadcasting the Super Bowl on NBCUniversal and continued growth at its core video and broadband units. However, it continues to shed video subscribers. Shares dip 2%.
\f4 \
\

\f3 MASTERCARD NET JUMPS; TRANSACTION VOLUME SURGES \
 
\f4 \
\

\f3 MasterCard's 1Q 
\f5\b profit
\f3\b0  rises 21% to $681 million, or $5.36 a share, boosted by rising card use, while revenue jumps 17% to $1.76 billion. Processed transactions increase 29%. Results top estimates, but shares dip 2%.
\f4 \
\

\f3 CAPITAL ONE COMPLETES HSBC CARD ACQUISITION \
 
\f4 \
\

\f3 Capital One Financial completes its acquisition of HSBC's U.S. credit-card business, a deal expected to bolster its size in the retail card market.
\f4 \
\

\f3 CVS CAREMARK
\f5\b PROFIT
\f3\b0  RISES 8.8% \
 
\f4 \
\

\f3 CVS Caremark's 1Q 
\f5\b profit
\f3\b0  rises to $776 million, or 59c a share, as its pharmacy-benefits-management business again performs well and an extra day for leap year and the early onset of the allergy season helps lift front-end sales. Shares rise 2%.
\f4 \
\

\f3 \
 \
OIL WEAKER AMID MIXED GLOBAL ECONOMIC SIGNALS \
 
\f4 \
\

\f3 Oil prices are lower amid mixed signs about the state of the global economy and prior to a wide-watched U.S. oil inventory report. Traders say data released this week from the U.S. and China shows improvement in the manufacturing sector, suggesting rising demand for oil.
\f4 \
\

\f3 \
 \
CLOROX NET FALLS 13%, PRESSURED BY RISING COSTS \
 
\f4 \
\

\f3 Maker of liquid bleach and Glad trash bags posts 1Q 
\f5\b profit
\f3\b0  of $132 million, or $1.01 a share, hurt by commodity and manufacturing cost pressures. Sales rise 7% to $1.4 billion. Excluding items, 
\f5\b EPS
\f3\b0  misses estimates by a penny. Shares dip 3%.
\f4 \
\

\f3 \
 \
TARULLO STRESSES FED FOCUS ON FINANCIAL STABILITY \
 
\f4 \
\

\f3 The pursuit of the Federal Reserve's dual mandate of price stability and maximum employment requires attention to financial stability, says Federal Reserve Governor Daniel Tarullo.
\f4 \
\

\f3 \
 \
 \
 \
 \
  ======= DOW JONES NEWSWIRES ANALYSIS AND COMMENTARIES ======= \
 \
THE WALL STREET JOURNAL \
The Big Doubt Over Advertising On Facebook
\f4 \
\

\f3 Some advertisers with big spending accounts are wondering whether they're getting their money's worth on Facebook, Suzanne Vranica and Shayndi Raice write.
\f4 \
\

\f3 \
FOREX FOCUS \
Weak Euro Zone Helps Dollar Even More 
\f4 \
\

\f3 In the currency game of relative values, the U.S. dollar once again looks like a better bet than most of its major counterparts, writes Nicholas Hastings.
\f4 \
\

\f3 \
 \
  ============ U.S. MARKETS ACTION =========== \
DJIA              down 48.81 points to 13231.11 \
NASDAQ            down  6.65 points to 3043.79 \
S&P 500           down  7.03 points to 1399.06 \
10-year T-note    100 23/32 at 1.9164 yield \
NYMEX Crude       down $0.39 at $105.77/bbl \
Dollar/Euro       down 0.0081 at 1.3155 \
 \
 
\f4 \
\

\f3 [ 05-02-12 1000ET ]
\f4 \
\
5030 55101\
\
Document DJ00000020120502e852000ag\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  4th Quarter Net Up 6.9% On Employer-Services Growth
\f1\b0 \
\
By Victoria Stilwell   \
388 words\
1 August 2012\
20:04\
Dow Jones News Service\
DJ\
English\
(c) 2012 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\

\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc.'s (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) fiscal fourth-quarter 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  rose 6.9% as the payroll-service firm's employer-services segment improved revenue and new business sales grew by double digits.\
\
Looking ahead to fiscal 2013, the company expects per-share 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  growth of 5% to 7% from 2012 on revenue growth of 5% to 7%. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters are looking for 9% and 8% growth, respectively. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  expects employer services revenue to grow 6% to 7%, and sees 8% to 10% growth in new business sales for employer services and professional employer organizations.\
\
The company said it expects 2013 year-over-year comparisons to be negatively affected by foreign exchange rates, an expected lower average yield on the client funds portfolio and other items.\
\
Recognized for its stamp on worker paychecks, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's business stretches from payroll management to employee benefits administration as well as the outsourcing of human resources tasks. The company has said its strongest growth has come from the smaller end of the market, as many such firms lack a formal head of human resources or need extra help with compliance duties.\
\
For the quarter ended June 30, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  reported a 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  of $258.4 million, or 53 cents a share, up from a year-earlier 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  of $241.8 million, or 48 cents a share. Total revenue rose 5.2% to $2.64 billion.\
\
Analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters recently expected 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  of 53 cents a share on revenue of $2.66 billion.\
\
Revenue at the company's employer-services segment--its biggest by sales-- improved 6.7% to $1.88 billion. The number of employees on 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's clients' payrolls in the U.S. rose 3.2%, as measured on a same-store sales basis.\
\
Client retention declined 0.2 percentage points for the fourth quarter.\
\
New-business sales for employer services and professional employer organizations services--a key metric for 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 --grew 20% in the fourth quarter from the year before.\
\
Shares closed Tuesday at $56.55 and were inactive premarket. The stock is up 12% in the past 12 months.\
\
Write to Victoria Stilwell at Victoria.Stilwell@dowjones.com\
\
Subscribe to WSJ: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://online.wsj.com?mod=djnwires"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://online.wsj.com?mod=djnwires}} [ 08-01-12 0804ET ]\
\
Document DJ00000020120801e8810006e\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  1st-Quarter Net Rose 0.9%, Revenue Up 5%
\f1\b0 \
\
By Melodie Warner   \
326 words\
1 November 2012\
20:00\
Dow Jones News Service\
DJ\
English\
(c) 2012 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\

\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc.'s (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) fiscal first-quarter 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  rose 0.9% as the payroll-service provider's revenue edged out Wall Street's expectations.\
\
The company also backed its full-year guidance.\
\
"I am cautious as economic growth is still lagging historic levels," said President and Chief Executive Carlos A. Rodriguez. "However, I am pleased with the momentum in our businesses and I am confident that 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  is well positioned to navigate the uncertainty of the global economy."\
\
Recognized for its stamp on worker paychecks, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's business stretches from payroll management to employee benefits administration and the outsourcing of human resources tasks. The company has seen improving profits for over a year as smaller firms that lack a formal head of human resources seek extra help with compliance duties.\
\
For the quarter ended Sept. 30, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  reported a 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  of $305.3 million, or 63 cents a share, up from $302.7 million, or 61 cents, a year earlier. 
\f2\b Earnings
\f1\b0  from continuing operations were 62 cents a share in the most recent quarter. Revenue jumped 5% to $2.64 billion.\
\
Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters had most recently forecast 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  of 62 cents a share on revenue of $2.63 billion.\
\
For the latest period, the company said new-business sales for employer services and professional employer organizations services--a key metric for 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 --jumped 15% from a year earlier.\
\
Revenue at the employer-services segment, by far its biggest by sales, rose 6.4% to $1.82 billion. The number of employees on 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's clients' payrolls in the U.S. rose 3.3% during the period.\
\
Shares closed Wednesday at $57.79 and were inactive premarket. The stock is up 7% so far this year.\
\
Write to Melodie Warner at melodie.warner@dowjones.com\
\
Subscribe to WSJ: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://online.wsj.com?mod=djnwires"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://online.wsj.com?mod=djnwires}} [ 11-01-12 0800ET ]\
\
Document DJ00000020121101e8b10007c\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP 's Second-Quarter Net Up 4.2% on Strong Revenue
\f1\b0 \
\
By Saabira Chaudhuri   \
331 words\
5 February 2013\
21:04\
Dow Jones Global News Select\
DJON\
English\
(c) 2013 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\

\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc.'s (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) fiscal second-quarter 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  rose 4.2% as the payroll and benefits-administration company recorded strong revenue from its key employer-services segment.\
\
Recognized for its stamp on worker paychecks, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's business stretches from payroll management to employee-benefits administration and the outsourcing of human-resources tasks. The company has seen improving profits in recent quarters as smaller firms that lack a formal head of human resources seek extra help with compliance duties.\
\
For the latest quarter, the company said new-business bookings for employer services and professional-employer-organizations services--a key metric for 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 --jumped 5% from a year earlier.\
\
For the quarter ended Dec. 31, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  reported a 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  of $390.9 million, or 80 cents a share, versus $375 million, or 76 cents a share, a year earlier. The year-earlier quarter included a pretax gain of $66 million, $41 million after tax, on a sale of assets. Stripping out one-time items, per-share 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  were 72 cents versus 67 cents.\
\
Total revenue improved 6.9% to $2.75 billion.\
\
Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters recently expected per-share 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  of 71 cents on revenue of $2.72 billion.\
\
Gross margin narrowed to 40.9% from 41.1% a year earlier as input costs rose 7.3%.\
\
Revenue at the company's employer-services segment, by far its biggest by sales, rose 7.1% to $1.91 billion on a continuing operations basis.\
\
PEO services revenue on a continuing operations basis rose 13%, while deal services revenue rose 11%.\
\
Shares of 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 , which backed its view for the year, closed Monday at $59.55 and were inactive in recent premarket trading. The stock has risen 7.3% in the past 12 months.\
\
Write to Saabira Chaudhuri at saabira.chaudhuri@dowjones.com\
\
Subscribe to WSJ: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://online.wsj.com?mod=djnwires"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://online.wsj.com?mod=djnwires}} [ 02-05-13 0804ET ]\
\
Document DJON000020130205e9250004e\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  3rd-Quarter Net Up 6.7% on Employer Services Growth
\f1\b0 \
\
By Ben Fox Rubin   \
343 words\
3 May 2013\
19:58\
Dow Jones News Service\
DJ\
English\
(c) 2013 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\

\f2\b AutomaticData Processing
\f1\b0  Inc.'s (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) fiscal third-quarter 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  rose 6.7% as the payroll and benefits-administration company posted improved revenue from all three of its main segments, aided by a sizeable increase in its core employer-services unit.\
\
The company raised the low end of its outlook for the year, now predicting 6% to 7% in per-share 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  growth and revenue growth from a year earlier. It previously estimated 5% to 7% in 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  and revenue growth.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's business stretches from payroll management to employee-benefits administration and the outsourcing of human-resources tasks. The company has seen improving profits in recent quarters as smaller firms that lack a formal head of human resources seek extra help with compliance duties.\
\
For the latest quarter, the company said new-business bookings for employer services and professional-employer-organizations services--a key metric for 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 --rose 9%.\
\
For the period ended March 31, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  reported a 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  of $482.7 million, or 99 cents a share, versus $452.4 million, or 92 cents a share, a year earlier. Total revenue grew 7% to $3.11 billion.\
\
Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters recently expected per-share 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  of 98 cents on revenue of $3.11 billion.\
\
Revenue at the company's employer-services segment, by far its biggest by sales, rose 7.3% to $2.21 billion on a continuing operations basis.\
\
PEO services revenue from continuing operations rose 10% to $565.5 million, while dealer services revenue was up 8% to $460.5 million.\
\
Shares closed Thursday at $67.39 and were inactive in recent premarket trading. The stock has risen 18% so far this year.\
\
Write to Ben Fox Rubin at ben.rubin@dowjones.com\
\
Order free Annual Report for 
\f2\b Automatic Data
\f1\b0  Processing, Inc.\
\
Visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://djnweurope.ar.wilink.com/?ticker=US0530151036"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://djnweurope.ar.wilink.com/?ticker=US0530151036}} or call +44 (0)208 391 6028\
\
Subscribe to WSJ: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://online.wsj.com?mod=djnwires"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://online.wsj.com?mod=djnwires}} [ 05-03-13 0758ET ]\
\
Document DJ00000020130503e9530003q\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b Becton Dickinson Names  ADP  Executive as New Finance Chief
\f1\b0 \
\
By Tess Stynes   \
218 words\
8 July 2013\
20:25\
Dow Jones News Service\
DJ\
English\
(c) 2013 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\
Becton Dickinson & Co. (BDX) named former 
\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc. (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) financial chief Christopher Reidy as the medical-products company's new chief financial officer starting next week.\
\
Mr. Reidy, 55 years old, will be responsible for Becton Dickinson's global financial operations and shared services, as well as oversight of the company's information technology after a transition period.\
\
Mr. Reidy, who had been payroll and benefits-administration company 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's finance chief since 2006, will report to Becton Dickinson Chairman and Chief Executive Vincent A. Forlenza.\
\
Suketu "Suky" Upadhyay, who has been Becton Dickinson's acting CFO since November, will have expanded responsibilities across the company's finance organization and will serve as principal accounting officer.\
\
Becton Dickinson's products range from syringes and intravenous catheters to specimen-collection systems and reagents that detect infectious diseases. The company in May reported that its fiscal second-quarter 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  fell 5.3% as a new medical-device tax masked improved revenue.\
\
Becton Dickinson plans to release its fiscal third-quarter financial results Aug. 1.\
\
Shares closed Friday at $98.67 and were inactive premarket. The stock is up 26% this year.\
\
Write to Tess Stynes at Tess.Stynes@dowjones.com [ 07-08-13 0825ET ]\
\
Document DJ00000020130708e97800032\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  4th-Quarter Net Falls 12% On Write-Down
\f1\b0 \
\
By Anna Prior   \
373 words\
1 August 2013\
20:22\
Dow Jones News Service\
DJ\
English\
(c) 2013 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\

\f2\b AutomaticData Processing
\f1\b0  Inc.'s (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) fiscal fourth-quarter 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  fell 12% as the payroll and benefits-administration company recorded a write-down tied to its acquisition of 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  AdvancedMD that masked a rise in revenue.\
\
The company issued its full-year outlook for fiscal 2014, calling for per-share 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  growth between 8% and 10% on revenue growth of about 7%. Analysts recently polled by Thomson Reuters were looking for 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  growth of about 10% to $3.18 a share on revenue growth of about 7% to $12.13 billion.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's business stretches from payroll management to employee-benefits administration and the outsourcing of human-resources tasks. The company has seen improving profits in recent quarters as smaller firms that lack a formal head of human resources seek extra help with compliance duties.\
\
It acquired 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  AdvancedMD, which offers cloud-based practice management software to physicians for billing services, in 2011.\
\
For the latest quarter, the company said new-business bookings for employer services and professional-employer-organizations services--a key metric for 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 --rose 14%.\
\
The company reported a 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  of $227 million, or 47 cents a share, versus $258.4 million, or 53 cents a share, a year earlier. Excluding the write-down and other items, per-share 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  rose to 55 cents from 52 cents.\
\
Total revenue grew 7.1% to $2.81 billion.\
\
Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters recently forecasted per-share 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  of 57 cents on revenue of $2.81 billion.\
\
Revenue at the company's employer-services segment, by far its biggest by sales, improved 7.6% to $1.97 billion on a continuing operations basis.\
\
PEO services revenue from continuing operations rose 11% to $490.1 million, while dealer services revenue was up 8.9% to $463.6 million.\
\
Shares closed Wednesday at $72.09 and were flat in light premarket trading. The stock has risen 27% since the start of the year.\
\
Write to Anna Prior at anna.prior@wsj.com\
\
Order free Annual Report for 
\f2\b Automatic Data
\f1\b0  Processing, Inc.\
\
Visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://djnweurope.ar.wilink.com/?ticker=US0530151036"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://djnweurope.ar.wilink.com/?ticker=US0530151036}} or call +44 (0)208 391 6028 [ 08-01-13 0822ET ]\
\
Document DJ00000020130801e9810007e\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  Revenue Climbs 8.6%; Results Top Views
\f1\b0 \
\
By Erin McCarthy   \
298 words\
5 February 2014\
20:52\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9014, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\

\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc. (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) said revenue in its fiscal second-quarter rose 8.6%, though its 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  was weighed down by higher expenses.\
\
The company's professional-employer-organizations services segment led revenue growth, followed by its employer services business.\
\
The payroll and benefits-administration company revised its estimates for the current fiscal year's revenue growth to an increase of 7% to 8%, from a previous forecast of 7% growth. It maintained its 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  forecast.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's business stretches from payroll management to employee-benefits administration and the outsourcing of human-resources tasks. The company has posted improving core profits in recent quarters as smaller firms that lack a formal head of human resources seek extra help with compliance duties.\
\
In the latest quarter ended Dec. 31, new-business bookings for employer services and professional-employer-organizations services--a key metric for 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 --rose 7%.\
\
Overall, the company reported a 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  of $377 million, or 78 cents a share, down from $390.9 million, or 80 cents a share, a year earlier. Total revenue jumped 8.6% to $2.98 billion.\
\
Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters recently projected 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  of 77 cents a share and revenue of $2.94 billion.\
\
Revenue at the company's employer-services segment, by far its biggest by sales, increased 9% to $2.09 billion on a continuing operations basis.\
\
PEO-services revenue from continuing operations increased 14%, while dealer-services revenue rose 7%.\
\
The company's bottom line was dragged down a 8.8% increase in total expenses as operating and selling and administrative expenses climbed.\
\
Write to Erin McCarthy at erin.mccarthy@wsj.com\
\
(END) Dow Jones Newswires\
\
February 05, 2014 07:52 ET (12:52 GMT)\
\
Document DJDN000020140205ea25001n0\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  Plans to Spin Off Dealer Services Business
\f1\b0 \
\
By Michael Calia   \
547 words\
10 April 2014\
21:36\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9014, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\

\f2\b AutomaticData Processing
\f1\b0  Inc. (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) on Thursday said it plans to separate its dealer services business, which is focused on marketing for auto dealers and manufacturers, into an independent, publicly traded company.\
\
Shares of 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  rose 4% to $78.94 in recent premarket trading.\
\
The company said the move will allow it to focus more on its core employer-services business.\
\
The separation, which comes at a time of growing automobile demand, would occur in the form of a tax-free spinoff to shareholders, the company said, adding that it expects to receive at least $700 million in proceeds. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  said it would then use the proceeds for share buybacks.\
\
The dealer-services unit accounted for 16% of the company's total revenue in the most recent period, according to 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's fiscal second-quarter 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  release in February.\
\
"The dealer services business remains attractive in terms of long-term growth opportunities," Chief Executive Carlos Rodriguez said. "However, we believe this transaction will benefit 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's shareholders by allowing each management team to better focus on its own business and strategic opportunities."\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's business includes operations from payroll management to employee-benefits administration and the outsourcing of human-resources tasks. The company's core results have improved in recent periods.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  in February increased its estimate for the current year's revenue growth, based on the company's strong performance in the first half of the year. It maintained its 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  forecast.\
\
Write to Michael Calia at michael.calia@wsj.com\
\
10 Apr 2014 09:39 ET  
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  Plans to Spin Off Dealer Services Business\
\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf0 \
   By Michael Calia \
 
\f4 \
\

\f5\b Automatic Data
\f3\b0  Processing Inc. (
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 ) on Thursday said it plans to separate its dealer services business, which is focused on marketing for auto dealers and manufacturers, into an independent, publicly traded company.
\f4 \
\

\f3 Shares of 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  rose 4% to $78.94 in recent premarket trading.
\f4 \
\

\f3 The company said the move will allow it to focus more on its core employer-services business.
\f4 \
\

\f3 The separation, which comes at a time of growing automobile demand, would occur in the form of a tax-free spinoff to shareholders, the company said, adding that it expects to receive at least $700 million in proceeds. 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  said it would then use the proceeds for share buybacks.
\f4 \
\

\f3 The dealer-services unit accounted for 16% of the company's total revenue in the most recent period, according to 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 's fiscal second-quarter 
\f5\b earnings
\f3\b0  release in February.
\f4 \
\

\f3 "The dealer services business remains attractive in terms of long-term growth opportunities," Chief Executive Carlos Rodriguez said. "However, we believe this transaction will benefit 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 's shareholders by allowing each management team to better focus on its own business and strategic opportunities."
\f4 \
\

\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 's business includes operations from payroll management to employee-benefits administration and the outsourcing of human-resources tasks. The company's core results have improved in recent periods.
\f4 \
\

\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  in February increased its estimate for the current year's revenue growth, based on the company's strong performance in the first half of the year. It maintained its 
\f5\b earnings
\f3\b0  forecast.
\f4 \
\

\f3 Write to Michael Calia at michael.calia@wsj.com
\f4 \
\

\f3 (END) Dow Jones Newswires
\f4 \
\

\f3 April 10, 2014 09:39 ET (13:39 GMT)
\f4 \
\
Document DJDN000020140410ea4a001zp\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  to Spin Off Dealer Services Business
\f1\b0 \
\
396 words\
10 April 2014\
22:00\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9014, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\

\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc. on Thursday said it plans to separate its dealer services business, which is focused on marketing for auto dealers and manufacturers, into an independent, publicly traded company.\
\
The company said the move will allow it to focus more on its core employer-services business.\
\
The separation, which comes at a time of growing automobile demand, would occur in the form of a tax-free spinoff to shareholders, the company said, adding that it expects to receive at least $700 million in proceeds. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  said it would then use the proceeds for share buybacks.\
\
Given the strength in the automotive industry, "we believe it is the most appropriate time to establish the business as its own standalone company," Chief Financial Officer Jan Siegmund said on a conference call.\
\
The dealer-services unit accounted for 16% of the company's total revenue in the most recent period, according to 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's fiscal second-quarter 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  release in February.\
\
"The dealer services business remains attractive in terms of long-term growth opportunities," Chief Executive Carlos Rodriguez said. "However, we believe this transaction will benefit 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's shareholders by allowing each management team to better focus on its own business and strategic opportunities."\
\
Moody's Investors Service said the spinoff would diminish the scale and diversification of the company's business, thus increasing 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's credit risk. The firm cut 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's issuer rating to Aa1, a notch below its highest rating level of triple-A.\
\
Standard & Poor's Ratings Service also downgraded 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 , cutting its credit rating for the company to double-A from triple-A.\
\
Moody's and S&P said they now rate only three U.S. companies-- Johnson & Johnson, Microsoft Corp. and Exxon Mobil Corp.--at triple-A.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  remains "extremely proud" of its rating, Mr. Siegmund said.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's business includes operations from payroll management to employee-benefits administration and the outsourcing of human-resources tasks. The company's core results have improved in recent periods.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  in February increased its estimate for the current year's revenue growth, based on the company's strong performance in the first half of the year. It maintained its 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  forecast.\
\
Write to Michael Calia at michael.calia@wsj.com\
\
(END) Dow Jones Newswires\
\
April 10, 2014 10:00 ET (14:00 GMT)\
\
Document DJDN000020140410ea4a0022i\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP Profit  Rises on Improved Bookings, Revenue
\f1\b0 \
\
By Michael Calia   \
409 words\
30 April 2014\
19:58\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9014, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\

\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc. (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) said its fiscal third-quarter 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  rose 8.1% as revenue and bookings for new business increased.\
\

\f2\b Earnings
\f1\b0  matched analysts' expectations, while the top line fell short.\
\
The payroll and benefits-administration company also tightened its full-year forecast for per-share 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  from continuing operations. Now it expects 9% growth, compared to its earlier forecast of an increase of 8% to 10%.\
\
Earlier in April it said it plans to spin off its dealer-services business--which accounted for about 15% of total revenue in the most recent period--at a time of growing automobile demand. The company said it believed "it is the most appropriate time" to establish the business as a standalone, while Moody's Investors Service and Standard & Poor's Ratings Service both criticized the move and downgraded the company from their top-level triple-a ratings.\
\
The company said at the time that it expected the spinoff to generate $700 million in proceeds, which it would then use to fund share buybacks. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  expects the move to be completed in October and to generate about $20 million in expenses for the fiscal fourth quarter.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's business stretches from payroll management to employee-benefits administration and the outsourcing of human-resources tasks. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  has had higher core profits recently thanks to demand from smaller companies lacking formal human-resources departments. The company said the dealer-services spinoff would allow it to better focus on its core operations.\
\
In the period ended March 31, new-business bookings for employer services and professional-employer-organizations services--which is considered a key metric for 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 --rose 14%.\
\
Overall, the company reported a 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  of $521.6 million, or $1.08 a share, up from $482.7 million, or 99 cents a share, a year earlier. Total revenue rose 6.8% to $3.32 billion.\
\
Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters had expected $1.08 a share in 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  and $3.34 billion in revenue.\
\
The employer-services segment--the company's biggest topline contributor--rose 5.7% to $2.35 billion on a continuing operations basis.\
\
PEO-services revenue from continuing operations rose 15% to $650.8 million, while dealer-services revenue rose 6.7% to $494.4 million.\
\
Write to Michael Calia at michael.calia@wsj.com\
\
(END) Dow Jones Newswires\
\
April 30, 2014 07:58 ET (11:58 GMT)\
\
Document DJDN000020140430ea4u0028n\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP Profit  Rises on Revenue, Bookings
\f1\b0 \
\
By Anna Prior   \
504 words\
31 July 2014\
20:18\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9014, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\

\f2\b AutomaticData Processing
\f1\b0  Inc. ( 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) said its fiscal fourth-quarter 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  increased 21% as revenue and bookings for new business continued to improve.\
\
The payroll and benefits-administration company also issued its full-year forecast for the recently started fiscal year, saying it expects per-share 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  from continuing operations to grow 11% to 13%. Revenues, meanwhile, are expected to grow 7% to 8%. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters were looking for per-share 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  growth of 11% and revenue growth of about 7.8%.\
\
In April, the company had said it plans to spin off its dealer-services business--which accounted for about 15% of total revenue in the most recent period--at a time of growing automobile demand. The company said it believed "it is the most appropriate time" to establish the business as a stand-alone, while Moody's Investors Service and Standard & Poor's Ratings Services both criticized the move and downgraded the company from their top-level triple-A ratings.\
\
The company said at the time that it expected the spinoff to generate $700 million in proceeds, which it would then use to fund share buybacks. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  expects the move to be completed in October and to generate about $15 million in expenses for the fiscal fourth quarter.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's business stretches from payroll management to employee-benefits administration and the outsourcing of human-resources tasks. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  has had higher core profits recently thanks to demand from smaller companies lacking formal human-resources departments. The company said the dealer-services spinoff would allow it to better focus on its core operations.\
\
In the period ended June 30, new-business bookings for employer services and professional-employer-organizations services--which is considered a key metric for 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 --grew 5%.\
\
Overall, the company reported a 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  of $288.7 million, or 60 cents a share, up from $227 million, or 47 cents a share, a year earlier. Excluding costs tied to the planned spinoff of the company's dealer services business, and a goodwill impairment charge in the year-ago period, adjusted 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  from continuing operations rose to 63 cents a share from 55 cents.\
\
Total revenue rose 9.7% to $3.07 billion.\
\
Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters had predicted 63 cents a share in 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  and $3.03 billion in revenue.\
\
The employer-services segment--the company's biggest top-line contributor--rose 8.3% to $2.14 billion on a continuing operations basis.\
\
PEO-services revenue from continuing operations jumped 19% to $584 million, while dealer-services revenue increased 7.6% to $499.4 million.\
\
Write to Anna Prior at anna.prior@wsj.com\
\
Access Investor Kit for A\'e9oports de Paris SA\
\
Visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.companyspotlight.com/partner?cp_code=A591&isin=FR0010340141"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://www.companyspotlight.com/partner?cp_code=A591&isin=FR0010340141}}\
\
Access Investor Kit for 
\f2\b Automatic Data
\f1\b0  Processing, Inc.\
\
Visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.companyspotlight.com/partner?cp_code=A591&isin=US0530151036"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://www.companyspotlight.com/partner?cp_code=A591&isin=US0530151036}}\
\
(END) Dow Jones Newswires\
\
July 31, 2014 08:18 ET (12:18 GMT)\
\
Document DJDN000020140731ea7v002f5\
\page \
\
\
Top Stories\

\f2\b  Automatic Data  Posts Revenue Increase on New Bookings
\f1\b0 \
\
272 words\
29 October 2014\
22:29\
Dow Jones Top Global Market Stories\
DJTGMS\
English\
Copyright \'a9014 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. \
\
By Angela Chen\
\

\f2\b AutomaticData Processing
\f1\b0  Inc. posted a 9% increase in revenue for its September quarter on new-business bookings growth.\
\
The results beat analyst expectations.\
\
The payroll and benefits-administration company also updated its guidance. It now expects growth of 12% to 14%, up from 11% to 13%, as a result of the completed spinoff of its dealer services business, now called CDK Global Inc.\
\
In April, the company had announced its plan to spin off the business at a time of growing automobile demand so it could better focus on core operations. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  had expected the spinoff to generate $700 million in proceeds, which it would then use to fund share buybacks.\
\
In the first quarter ended Sept. 30, new-business bookings for employer services and professional-employer-organizations, or PEO, services, which is considered a key metric for 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 , grew 11% worldwide.\
\
Revenue at the employer-services segment, the company's biggest top-line contributor, rose 7% to $2.1 billion on a continuing operations basis. PEO-services revenue from continuing operations jumped 17.8% to $594 million.\
\
Overall, the company reported a 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  of $295.2 million, or 61 cents a share, down from $328.6 million, or 68 cents a share, a year earlier. Total revenue rose 9% to $2.57 billion.\
\
Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters had predicted 60 cents a share in 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  and $2.55 billion in revenue.\
\
Looking to the current quarter, worldwide new business bookings are anticipated to grow about 8%.\
\
Write to Angela Chen at angela.chen@wsj.com\
\
Document DJTGMS1120141029eaat0006r\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  Names New Tech Chief -- Market Talk
\f1\b0 \
\
1,394 words\
19 March 2015\
05:39\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9015, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\
17:38 EDT - 
\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) has promoted Stuart Sackman to the role of corporate vice president of global product and technology. Reporting to CEO Carlos Rodriguez, he replaces former CIO Mike Capone, who left the company last September. An 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  spokesperson said that Mr. Sackman's title better reflects the dual function of the role. Like Mr. Capone before him, Mr. Sackman will manage internal IT and help develop the company's commercial products. Mr. Sackman started with the company in 1992 as a division vice president managing time and labor management systems. (clint.boulton@wsj.com)\
\
17:34 EDT - More fuel for the fire around neonicotinoids, a type of agricultural pesticide blamed for killing off bees in the US and Europe. A study by University of Maryland finds the amounts of one variety of the bug-killer typically applied to crops "had negligible effects on colony health and are unlikely a sole cause of colony declines." That's positive news for Bayer AG, the main producer of the pesticide examined in the study, but likely won't quell efforts by environmental groups on both sides of the Atlantic to further clamp down on the use of such pesticides. (jacob.bunge@wsj.com; @jacobbunge)\
\
17:32 EDT - JPMorgan isn't among those brokers getting excited by TPG Telecom (TPM.AU), whose shares recently surged on an agreed deal to buy rival iiNet (IIN.AU). JPMorgan has an underweight call on TPG Telecom because it worries about the long-term impact of Australia's National Broadband Network on the economics of broadband retailing. The broker's A$4.90/share price target is well below TPG Telecom's last trade at A$8.66. JPMorgan analyst Jarrod McDonald expects TPG Telecom to provide more clarity around potential savings from a takeover of iiNet in its 1H result on March 25. He also forecasts 1H ebitda of A$222M, and a 57% rise in revenue to A$620M when including the contribution of AAPT, which TPG Telecom acquired in Feb. 2014. (david.winning@wsj.com; @dwinningWSJ)\
\
17:29 EDT - 2014 was "a challenging year" for Citigroup (C), the bank's board acknowledges in its letter to shareholders, filed as part of its proxy statement. Board cites failure last year to win Fed approval for its capital plan, along with "disappointing operating performance" and fraud at the bank's Banamex unit. "Ethical lapses have indelibly harmed the financial services industry," the board said. But it also notes Citi has rebounded to get this year's capital plan approved, and that it launched "a company-wide program to more firmly foster a culture of ethical decision-making." The board also praised Citi's management for its "tenacity and focus in such challenging circumstances" -- even as it notes that it had reduced 2014 compensation for CEO Michael Corbat and other senior executives. (michael.rapoport@wsj.com; @rapoportwsj)\
\
17:25 EDT - Yield spreads between Canadian and US bonds have been volatile lately, and Wednesday's Fed statement precipitated another sharp move. The statement was widely perceived as signaling a more gradual pace of rate increases than previously expected, prompting the spreads between the two markets to tighten. The 2-year spread contracted to 3.8 basis points from 13.3 on Tuesday as US yields tumbled. But look for the spread to widen back out. The Bank of Canada cut rates in January and hasn't excluded the possibility of another move, while the Fed looks poised to tighten later this year. (don.curren@wsj.com; @dbcurren)\
\
17:22 EDT - Stacked. That's the new status of the Jack Ryan, a 15-year-old ultradeepwater oil drillship, according to a fleet update by offshore giant Transocean (RIG) that reflects the oil downturn. RIG says three other ultradeep floaters were also moved from "idled" (can quickly deploy) to "stacked" (hatches battened down, won't be in use for a while). Meanwhile, Transocean says plans are afoot to scrap altogether the Deepwater Expedition and others "in an environmentally responsible manner." As a result, the company plans a non-cash charge of up to $325M in its 1Q results. (dan.molinski@wsj.com; @danwsj)\
\
17:21 EDT - Williams-Sonoma (WSM) says fallout from the West Coast port shutdown is likely to shave 10c-12c a share from 1Q 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  as its guidance falls below Wall Street expectations. CEO Laura Alber says, "Unfortunately, we expect this disruption to continue and to have a more significant impact through the first half of 2015." WSM's 4Q 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  are in line with Wall Street views, while revenue was slightly below expectations. WSM shares fall 3% at $78.50 after hours, and have had a jagged upward run from around $65 back in October. (patrick.sheridan@wsj.com; @patmsheridan)\
\
17:15 EDT - Obamacare has been good for the for-
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  hospital industry, says an S&P report. Since last year's 2Q, hospitals have reported lower uncompensated care and stronger adjusted admission trends largely because more Americans have insurance thanks to the Affordable Care Act. The improving economy has also helped. Good times should continue in 2015, the ratings firm says. But longer term, continued efforts by payers to rein in costs, emerging value-based payment strategies and heightened competition from narrow provider networks will pinch both margins and revenue growth, the report predicts. (ron.winslow@wsj.com)\
\
17:09 EDT - Spring grilling season in the months ahead could benefit some players in the meat case more than others, a Societe Generale analyst notes, even as cheaper gas leaves more money for US consumers to spend on staples like food. While economists project savings and spending to pick up in the quarters ahead, a larger year-over-year increase in the former category means that "as beef prices are projected to remain high, we are likely to see meaningful substitution from beef to pork this spring and summer season, given the consumers demonstrated propensity to save," writes Chris Narayanan, head of agricultural commodities research. (kelsey.gee@wsj.com; @kelseykgee)\
\
17:07 EDT - Guess (GES) fiscal 4Q 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  top expectations, while revenue comes in a bit light as the apparel company takes a hit from the strong dollar. While results were sharply lower from the prior year, CEO Paul Marciano notes positive trends in North America, "as comps and traffic improved in the back-end of the quarter." Marciano says currencies will continue to be a headwind in the current fiscal year, guiding for lower revenue and a wider-than-expected 1Q 
\f2\b loss
\f1\b0 . But investors see an upside in the battered shares, down 42% over the last year--perhaps helped by the dollar's sharp reversal following the Fed meeting today--pushing GES up 11% to $18.71 after hours. (patrick.sulivan@wsj.com)\
\
17:05 EDT - President Obama made an aggressive pitch for his budget and his domestic-policy proposals at the City Club of Cleveland, saying that the job growth and economic progress on his watch were a result of policies aimed at boosting middle-class Americans. "I'm going to take a little credit," he says. The speech served as a rebuttal to the newly released budgets proposals by House and Senate Republicans, which both aim to cut federal spending on entitlement programs and eliminate the annual federal deficit within 10 years, as well as repeal the Obama health law. Obama's budget, for its part, relies more on tax increases to rein in growing deficits, and doesn't have the 10-year goal. (colleen.nelson@wsj.com)\
\
17:01 EDT - Goldman Sachs says September remains its base case for the Fed to raise rates, but "the risks now appear slightly skewed toward a later liftoff." The downward shift in the "dot plot" is more consistent with two, rather than three, 25-bps rate hikes in 2015, the bank's economists say. The Fed's median forecast for the policy rate at the end of this year declined 50 bps to 0.625%. "In addition, changes to the Committee's economic assessment were a bit more dovish." (min.zeng@wsj.com; @minzengwsj)\
\
(END) Dow Jones Newswires\
\
March 18, 2015 17:39 ET (21:39 GMT)\
\
Document DJDN000020150318eb3i0042h\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b ADP Lowers Revenue Forecast Amid Foreign Exchange Impacts
\f1\b0 \
\
By Chelsey Dulaney   \
272 words\
30 April 2015\
20:24\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9015, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\

\f2\b AutomaticData Processing
\f1\b0  Inc. on Thursday edged down its revenue forecast for the year amid foreign exchange impacts, but said it expects its 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  to come in at the top end of its previous guidance.\
\
The payroll and benefits-administration company said it now expects its revenue to grow 7% for the year, compared with its prior forecast for 7% to 8% growth. The company expects foreign currency issues to bring down revenue by two percentage points.\
\
Meanwhile, the company now expects its 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  from continuing operations to grow 14%, compared with its prior forecast for 12% to 14% growth.\
\
For its fiscal third quarter ended March 31, world-wide new-business bookings, a key metric, grew 6%.\
\
Revenue at the employer-services segment, the company's biggest top-line contributor, grew 5% to $2.5 billion on a continuing operations basis.\
\
Professional-employer-organizations services revenue grew 15% to $748.5 million.\
\
Overall, the company reported a 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  of $489.6 million, or $1.03 a share, compared with $521.6 million, or $1.08 a share, a year earlier. Per-share 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  from continuing operations were $1.04.\
\
Total revenue grew 7.3% to $3.03 billion.\
\
Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters had predicted $1.02 a share in 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  and $3.02 billion in revenue.\
\
Write to Chelsey Dulaney at chelsey.dulaney@wsj.com\
\
Access Investor Kit for 
\f2\b Automatic Data
\f1\b0  Processing, Inc.\
\
Visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.companyspotlight.com/partner?cp_code=P479&isin=US0530151036"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://www.companyspotlight.com/partner?cp_code=P479&isin=US0530151036}}\
\
(END) Dow Jones Newswires\
\
April 30, 2015 08:24 ET (12:24 GMT)\
\
Document DJDN000020150430eb4u002du\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  Automatic Data Processing Carlos A. Rodriguez on Q4 2015 Results --  Earnings  Call Transcript >ADP
\f1\b0 \
\
50 words\
31 July 2015\
03:25\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9015, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\
From Seeking Alpha: 
\f2\b AutomaticData Processing
\f1\b0 Carlos A. Rodriguez on Q4 2015 Results -- 
\f2\b Earnings
\f1\b0  Call Transcript {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://seekingalpha.com/a/20e4f?p=djnw"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://seekingalpha.com/a/20e4f?p=djnw}}\
\
(END) Dow Jones Newswires\
\
July 30, 2015 15:25 ET (19:25 GMT)\
\
Document DJDN000020150730eb7u003vy\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  Automatic Data Processing 's CEO Carlos Rodriguez on Q1 2016 Results --  Earnings  Call Transcript >ADP
\f1\b0 \
\
52 words\
29 October 2015\
00:43\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9015, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\
From Seeking Alpha: 
\f2\b AutomaticData Processing
\f1\b0 's CEO Carlos Rodriguez on Q1 2016 Results -- 
\f2\b Earnings
\f1\b0  Call Transcript {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://seekingalpha.com/a/25gs0?p=djnw"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://seekingalpha.com/a/25gs0?p=djnw}}\
\
(END) Dow Jones Newswires\
\
October 28, 2015 12:43 ET (16:43 GMT)\
\
Document DJDN000020151028ebas002oh\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  Automatic Data Processing 's CEO Carlos Rodriguez on Q2 2016 Results --  Earnings  Call Transcript >ADP
\f1\b0 \
\
52 words\
4 February 2016\
01:43\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9016, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\
From Seeking Alpha: 
\f2\b AutomaticData Processing
\f1\b0 's CEO Carlos Rodriguez on Q2 2016 Results -- 
\f2\b Earnings
\f1\b0  Call Transcript {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://seekingalpha.com/a/2ar7k?p=djnw"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://seekingalpha.com/a/2ar7k?p=djnw}}\
\
(END) Dow Jones Newswires\
\
February 03, 2016 12:43 ET (17:43 GMT)\
\
Document DJDN000020160203ec230036i\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  Automatic Data Processing Carlos A. Rodriguez on Q3 2016 Results --  Earnings  Call Transcript >ADP
\f1\b0 \
\
50 words\
29 April 2016\
13:41\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9016, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\
From Seeking Alpha: 
\f2\b AutomaticData Processing
\f1\b0 Carlos A. Rodriguez on Q3 2016 Results -- 
\f2\b Earnings
\f1\b0  Call Transcript {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://seekingalpha.com/a/2d2t8?p=djnw"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://seekingalpha.com/a/2d2t8?p=djnw}}\
\
(END) Dow Jones Newswires\
\
April 29, 2016 01:41 ET (05:41 GMT)\
\
Document DJDN000020160429ec4t000ho\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  Algorithms Tackle Employee Flight Risk
\f1\b0 \
\
495 words\
1 June 2016\
04:56\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9016, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\
By Kim S. Nash\
\

\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc. plans to launch a product as early as October that predicts the flight risk of individual employees. The human capital management and payroll company is testing a set of proprietary algorithms that can score an individual's likelihood of quitting based on pay, commute and other factors.\
\
Companies can use the score to prioritize retention efforts in a tough labor climate for employers, where finding and recruiting new employees, especially in high-demand areas like blockchain, can be expensive. "While there's still relatively high unemployment, it's hard to get the right people you want," said Stuart Sackman, CIO, CTO and corporate vice president of the global product and technology group at 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 .\
\
The unemployment rate in the United States is 5.0%,down slightly from 5.4% a year ago, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. The turnover rate in the U.S. reached 3.5% in March and has increased steadily since 2013's 3.0%, according to the bureau.\
\
The raw material for 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's algorithms comes from its stores of employment data collected from its 600,000 business customers that use its software and services for payroll and other human resources tasks. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  built a Hadoop cluster to manage and analyze the aggregated data, which also includes information culled from external sources of demographics, Mr. Sackman said. To develop accurate algorithms, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  data scientists tested different formulas against five years of historical, anonymized data on the employment paths of individuals, he said.\
\
Some factors that affect flight risk are obvious, he said, such as a long distance to commute. Others are more oblique, such as a person's 
\f2\b income
\f1\b0  relative to his neighbors'. He declined to talk about all the factors 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  has found, saying the algorithms are proprietary.\
\
The tool can plot performance metrics against flight risk scores to identify star employees who might be at risk of leaving. The system also shows the key contributing factors for flight risk for individual employees so that managers can make the right offers for perquisites, bonuses or working conditions, he said. If a high-potential employee becomes a flight risk and has a long commute, a manager may offer work-at-home days, he said.\
\
The system is part of 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's effort to develop services that make use of its employment data and that it can sell to customers already using its human resources software, Mr. Sackman said.\
\
Pricing for the flight-risk system is not yet set, he said, but 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  will "charge an incremental fee to turn this on."\
\
A few 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  customers are testing the system, with others expected to start tests this summer, a spokesman said. The system could be released in October, with an upgrade to 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's core human resources software, the spokesman said. \
\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf0 \
\

\f3 (END) Dow Jones Newswires
\f4 \
\

\f3 May 31, 2016 16:56 ET (20:56 GMT)
\f4 \
\
Document DJDN000020160531ec5v003tj\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  Looks to Gauge Employee Flight Risk -- Market Talk
\f1\b0 \
\
1,539 words\
1 June 2016\
04:58\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9016, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.   \
\
16:58 ET - 
\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  plans to launch a product as early as October that predicts the flight risk of individual employees. The human capital management and payroll company is testing a set of proprietary algorithms that can score an individual's likelihood of quitting based on pay, commute and other factors. To develop accurate algorithms, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  data scientists tested different formulas against five years of historical, anonymized data on the employment paths of individuals, said Stuart Sackman, CIO, CTO and corporate vice president of the global product and technology group at 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 . The tool can plot performance metrics against flight risk scores to identify star employees who might be at risk of leaving. The system also shows the key contributing factors for flight risk for individual employees, he said. (kim.nash@wsj.com)\
\
16:52 ET - General Motors (GM) President Dan Ammann says Wall Street keeping Detroit auto maker's stock price in neutral amid concerns about timing and severity of next economic downturn, and whether US car sales have peaked or plateaued. Otherwise, GM CEO Mary Barra's top lieutenant doesn't find other forces at work given auto maker's record recent profits. "It's the same old answer to the same old question," Amman says in interview, citing broader investor concerns about auto industry for flagging share price. "We're focused on delivering the operating results. We need to keep doing that." GM stock is trading below $33 IPO price in 2010. (mike.spector@wsj.com; @MikeSpector)\
\
16:51 ET - A record-setting month for investment-grade corporate-bond issuance ends with a flourish with $16.6B of high-grade bonds issued, bringing May's total to $163.2B, according to LCD, a unit of S&P Global Market Intelligence. The previous monthly record for dollar-denominated high grade debt was set last May, when $145B of bonds were issued, according to LCD. The record is partially a result of low interest rates and slow economic growth, as large companies turn to debt-fueled M&A as they struggle to grow organically, analysts say. Mylan (MYL) is the big issuer Tuesday, pricing a $6.5B bond deal to help fund its acquisition of Swedish pharmaceutical company Meda. (sam.goldfarb@wsj.com)\
\
16:51 ET - Workday's (WDAY) 1Q adjusted 
\f2\b EPS
\f1\b0  and sales top Wall Street estimates and billings beat consensus, but shares of the cloud-based HR software company are lower in after-hours trading. Analyst Steve Koenig of Wedbush tells WSJ that while the $372M billings number topped Street expectations, the beat was by less of a margin than in the past and that 1Q billings show a deceleration from a year ago. Billings measures invoiced business and are a key metric for subscription-based software companies. Koenig cut WDAY to underperform last week citing in part "aggressive discounting by Oracle to keep its large PeopleSoft customers." WDAY shares are off 3.7% at $73 in after-hours trading. (patrick.sheridan@wsj.com)\
\
16:49 ET - Ascena (ASNA) slides as the owner of Lane Bryant and dressbarn cuts full-year guidance. ASNA posts F3Q 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  of 15c on revenue of $1.67B. A year earlier, the company posted adjusted results, inclusive of the buyout of Ann Taylor parent ANN, of 16c on revenue of $1.75B. Analysts were looking for 13c and $1.73B. Same-store sales fell 4%, down across all brands and particularly bad at Justice, which was down 11%. ASNA says results were hurt by costs related to the ANN buyout, weather and unfavorable traffic trends. CEO David Jaffe warns that F3Q was helped by some favorable expense timing, but those expenses will be back in 4Q, and that along with traffic problems leads ASNA to cut its FY16 view to 67c-70c as it adds a revenue outlook of $7.1B. The company had previously seen 75c-80c, and analysts expect 75c on revenue of $7.21B. ASNA down 7.6% to $6.67 after hours. (jonathan.vuocolo@wsj.com; @jonvuocolo)\
\
16:47 ET - Staples (SPLS) Ron Sargent is out two weeks before the office supply-chain is slated to hold its annual shareholder meeting, showing how quickly things have changed since a federal judge shot down his $6.3B takeover bid for Office Depot (ODP). Lead director Robert Sulentic points to the aborted deal in a statement, noting "with the termination of the merger, we mutually agreed that now is the right time to transition to new management to lead Staples through its next phase of growth." Shira Goodman, SPLS' head of North American operations, is now interim CEO after being apparently groomed for the post; the company's other president, John Wilson, was previously head of the European division that the chain is now considering selling. Sargent will keep his chairman seat through January. (andrew.fitzgerald@wsj.com; @drewfitzgerald)\
\
16:25 ET - Where the dollar went today, oil went the other way, perhaps an important sign heading into June and summer of Fed decisions on interest rates. WSJ dollar index fell early in the session but rose slightly in the afternoon, while oil prices which surged toward $50/bbl early, only to fall back recently under $49. Oil traders will return to more oil-centric news Wednesday when private trade group API reports its weekly US crude storage numbers. The data normally is published Tuesdays but it and the official EIA report -- normally published Wednesday -- were pushed back a day due to the holiday-shortened week. (dan.molinski@wsj.com)\
\
16:20 ET - Don't worry that ample global inventories of crude oil will be dumped on the global market, pushing prices back down, Citigroup says. Stockpiles are not as elevated as they look compared to average historical levels, the bank says. Oil that used to be held on ships in transit and not counted in storage data is now held in on-land tanks, as the US is importing less crude. And companies should store more oil than they traditionally have because they can't rely on Saudi Arabia to ramp up production in case of a supply disruption somewhere in the world. Oil will come out of storage as prices recover, Citi says, but the outflows should be "fairly orderly." (nicole.friedman@wsj.com; @NicoleFriedman)\
\
16:10 ET - Marathon Petroleum (MPC) confirms it started today decommissioning the fluid catalytic cracking unit 1 at its 450k bpd Galveston Bay refinery as part of its previously announced plan to combine it and a smaller, Texas City refinery. The new plant will have 585k bpd of capacity, making in the second-largest US refinery. It says inefficient units such as the Galveston refinery's FCCU 1 are part of the improvement process that together make up the South Texas Asset Repositioning project, or STAR as they call it. It has said the plan will cost $2B through 2020. (dan.molinski@wsj.com)\
\
16:08 ET - US stocks pull back at the end of May as investors return from the long weekend in a cautious mood. S&P 500 and Nasdaq post solid monthly gains, while the Dow Industrials just edge into positive territory. Energy and materials post the biggest losses, while DuPont and Boeing drag on the blue-chip average. DJIA slips 86 points to 17787, the S&P 500 loses 2 to 2096, while the Nasdaq gains 14 to 4948. US Treasurys erased early losses as month-end buying helps offset a bright report on consumer spending. Tomorrow's economic data include ISM manufacturing, construction spending and the Fed's Beige book. (patrick.sullivan@wsj.com)\
\
16:06 ET - Corona is slowing down and could pose a problem for Constellation Brands (STZ) as the summer beer season heats up. Sales of the signature Mexican beer, which has been key to STZ's recent success, declined 0.9% and volumes fell 4% at retail for the four weeks ended May 21, according to Nielsen data cited by Cowen and Company. STZ's Modelo Especial offset those declines by posting a 25% increase in sales and 20% increase in volumes for the period. Sales and volume at Ballast Point, the craft beer STZ bought last year, more than doubled. Overall, STZ increased beer sales 10% and volume 6.5%. Both represented a slowdown from the 12 weeks ended May 21 when sales increased 14% and volume increased 12%. (tripp.mickle@wsj.com)\
\
15:52 ET - Standard Chartered says OPEC is unlikely to increase its output in 3Q, as Iran and Iraq have little ability to ramp up production further and Saudi Arabia will probably choose not to. The bank holds one of the most bullish oil views on the street and expects the oil market to swing from a surplus to a deficit in 3Q. "The main market question is likely to shift in Q3 from whether OPEC will cut to whether OPEC can produce enough oil to balance the market." (nicole.friedman@wsj.com; @NicoleFriedman)\
\
(END) Dow Jones Newswires\
\
May 31, 2016 16:58 ET (20:58 GMT)\
\
Document DJDN000020160531ec5v003ri\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  First-Quarter  Profit  Rises 9.5%
\f1\b0 \
\
By Tess Stynes \
309 words\
2 November 2016\
20:30\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9016, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. \
\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf0 \
\

\f5\b Automatic Data Processing
\f3\b0  Inc.'s (
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 ) 
\f5\b earnings
\f3\b0  rose 9.5% in the latest quarter as the provider of payroll and benefits administration services continued to see stronger revenue.
\f4 \
\
Per-share earnings, excluding certain items, beat expectations.\
\
The results come a day after ADP agreed to sell its consumer-health-spending account and Cobra businesses to WageWorks Inc. for $235 million.\
\
ADP revised its guidance for the fiscal year ending June 2017 to reflect the asset sale. The company now projects adjusted per-share earnings from continuing operations growth of 11% to 13% on a revenue increase of 7% to 8%. ADP previously expected per-share profit from continuing operations to increase 10% to 12% and revenue growth of 7% to 9%.\
\
Chief Financial Officer Jan Siegmund said new business bookings were flat, in line with expectations, as a result of a tough comparison with the year-earlier period.\
\
For the first quarter ended Sept. 30, ADP reported a profit of $368.7 million, or 81 cents a share, up from $336.6 million, or 72 cents a share, a year earlier. Excluding restructuring charges, year-earlier asset-sale gains and other items, adjusted per-share earnings from continuing operations rose to 86 cents from 68 cents. Revenue increased 7.5% to $2.92 billion.\
\
Analysts expected per-share profit of 76 cents and revenue of $2.92 billion, according to FactSet.\
\
In ADP's employer-services segment, revenue grew 6% as the number of employees on clients' payrolls expanded by 2.7% in the U.S. on a comparable basis.\
\
In the company's professional-employer-organizations services unit, which outsources administration services, revenue increased 13%.\
\
Write to Tess Stynes at tess.stynes@wsj.com\
\
(END) Dow Jones Newswires\
\
November 02, 2016 08:30 ET (12:30 GMT)\
\
Document DJDN000020161102ecb2001wi\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  Tesing Mobile App for Temp Workers -- Market Talk
\f1\b0 \
\
1,373 words\
3 December 2016\
04:28\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9016, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. \
\
15:28 ET - 
\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ), which historically sells payroll software and services to large corporations, is testing a mobile app for individual temporary workers with unpredictable paychecks. The app, yet unnamed, is an attempt by 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  to reach new customers, such as drivers for Uber Technologies or Lyft, as shifts in technology, culture and demographics reshape the US workforce. One feature of the app is to calculate the right tax withholding "so you don't get a nasty surprise in March or April," said Don Weinstein, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's chief strategy officer. The IRS issued more than 90M 1099 statements to freelancers in 2015, he says. About a dozen gig workers are testing the app, with the pool of testers to reach 100 by the end of December. (kim.nash@wsj.com)\
\
15:06 ET - JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon got rare facetime with Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen in October, according to the chairwoman's calendar released Friday. It's the second time Yellen has met with Dimon this year--the last time was in April. The Fed, which releases the chairwoman's monthly calendar with a one-month lag, said the pair met for an hour on Oct. 5, but didn't disclose what was on the agenda. Dimon is also the only banker Yellen has met with one-on-one since October 2015, when she sat down with BlackRock executives Larry Fink and Philipp Hildebrand, though she has met over the past year with representatives from various bank trade groups. (kate.davidson@wsj.com)\
\
15:02 ET - Total US retail prescription drug spending rose 9% to $324.6B in 2015, according to report from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, published online in Health Affairs. Retail drug spending amounted to 10% of overall health spending. The 2015 drug spending growth decelerated from 2014's 12%, but still rose faster than any other health service in 2015, CMS says. "Its recent rapid growth was primarily due to increased spending on new medicines, price growth for existing brand-name drugs, increased spending on generics, and a decrease in the number of expensive blockbuster drugs whose patents expired," CMS says. (peter.loftus@wsj.com; @Loftus)\
\
14:55 ET - Two months into Q4 and 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  estimates have slipped less than usual for the S&P 500 according to FactSet. Analysts now project 3.3% year-over-year 
\f2\b EPS
\f1\b0  growth for the quarter, down from 5.3% on Sept. 30. The five-year average change is 3.4 percentage points. The largest decline in expected 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  growth since the start of the quarter was in materials with analysts now expecting growth of 5% versus 19.4%. The second largest decrease in expected 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  growth was in consumer discretionary, with growth forecasts down to 0.6% from 6.2%. The largest increase in expected 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0  growth came in the energy sector with a 3.4% growth projection versus 1.3% at the start of the quarter. (theo.francis@wsj.com; @theofrancis)\
\
14:32 ET - Business are using the example President-elect Donald Trump's intervention to save jobs at a Carrier plant in Indiana to amplify their frustration that the US Export-Import Bank remains partially idled. Majorities of lawmakers voted last year to reauthorize the bank, which finances US exports, after conservative lawmakers engineered a five-month lapse in the bank's charter, but it still can't approve deals of $10M or more because a Senate committee hasn't moved to fill vacant board seats. Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg says foreign customers of US manufacturers will "simply take their business elsewhere to one of the dozens of other countries with similar export-credit assistance," at a Chicago speech. (nick.timiraos@wsj.com; @NickTimiraos)\
\
14:05 ET - Square (SQ) has attracted a number of new fans since reporting strong 3Q sales and raising its guidance last month. Deutsche Bank is the latest, lifting shares to buy from hold with a Street-high $17 price target. Deutsche Bank says SQ has "the ability to efficiently gain and retain clients better than industry peers," since it owns its own platform and expects the payments provider to gain market share while improving margins and profitability. Moves into other services like payroll and restaurant delivery also bode well for sales. SQ up 2.3% to $13. (patrick.sheridan@wsj.com)\
\
13:31 ET - Eli Lilly (LLY) shares are up 3.3% after the Food and Drug Administration says the company can promote the use of its type-2 diabetes drug Jardiance to reduce the risk of cardiovascular death among diabetics who also have heart disease. The decision stems from a study released in 2014 showing Jardiance cut heart risk versus a placebo. It could provide a marketing edge because Jardiance becomes the first among a class of diabetes drugs known as SGLT2 inhibitors to add this benefit to its prescribing label. Competing drugs include J&J's (JNJ) Invokana and AstraZeneca's (AZN) Farxiga. For LLY, today's news is a welcome bounce from last week's disappointing failure of its experimental Alzheimer's drug in a study. (peter.loftus@wsj.com; @Loftus)\
\
13:20 ET - The US puts three more oil rigs back to work in the latest week, bringing total active rigs to 477, the most since late January, according to Baker Hughes. The weekly report shows Texas having the most new activity--a common trend in recent months--with the Permian basin in the west adding seven oil rigs, while the Eagle Ford in south Texas added two. The oil rig count in most other US regions either remained steady or declined. Meanwhile, active rigs targeting natural gas in the US rose by 1 to 119. (dan.molinski@wsj.com)\
\
13:17 ET - US bond funds targeting Treasury debt suffered a 12th consecutive weekly outflow but the pace fell to a one-month low. Investors pulled out $11.9M net cash from the sector for the week that ended Wednesday, according to Lipper. That was down from $20.7M a week ago and $43.2M two weeks before. So far, the outflow has been moderate during the bond rout compared to the taper tantrum episode. The 10-year yield was recently at 2.380% vs 2.444% Thursday. The yield hit 2.492% during Thursday's session but buying interest has capped its break toward 2.5%. (min.zeng@wsj.com)\
\
13:16 ET - Steven Mnuchin, President-elect Donald Trump's nominee for Secretary of the Treasury, is stepping down from the board of Sears (SHLD), the company says. Mnuchin joined SHLD's board in March 2005, at the time that Kmart merged with Sears, Roebuck & Co. Prior to the merger, he had served on the board of Kmart since 2003. Mnuchin's department decreases the number of SHLD directors to nine. (suzanne.kapner@wsj.com)\
\
13:11 ET - United Continental (UAL) agrees to pay $2.4M to resolve claims from the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with UAL's 2011 reinstatement of a flight between Newark, NJ, and Columbia, SC, at the behest of then Port Authority of New York and New Jersey chairman David Samson, who has since pleaded guilty to bribery. The penalty adds to a $2.25M agreement UAL reached in July with the US Attorney's office in New Jersey, under which that office agreed not to prosecute the company. The probe was an offshoot of the investigation into whether aides to New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie intentionally triggered traffic jams by closing off access lane to the George Washington bridge. (aruna.viswanatha@wsj.com; @aviswanatha)\
\
1806 GMT - More than half of 100 megautility infrastructure projects surveyed by Ernst & Young are running behind schedule and over budget, the firm says in a report. The firm analyzed 100 power projects in major regions, including the Americas, Europe and Africa as well as the Asia Pacific zone, and found 64% were delayed and 57% were over budget. (neanda.salvaterra@wsj.com)\
\
(END) Dow Jones Newswires\
\
December 02, 2016 15:28 ET (20:28 GMT)\
\
Document DJDN000020161202ecc20038t\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  Building Mobile App For Gig Workers
\f1\b0 \
\
489 words\
6 December 2016\
00:31\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9016, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. \
\
By Kim S. Nash\
\
NEW YORK -- 
\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc. wants in on the gig economy. The payroll processor, which historically sells software and services to large corporations, is testing a mobile app for individual temporary workers with unpredictable paychecks.\
\
The app, yet unnamed, is an attempt by 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  to reach new customers as shifts in technology, culture and demographics reshape the U.S. workforce. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  sees potential revenue in the ranks of independent workers, including drivers for Lyft Inc. and Uber Technologies Inc., artists on Etsy Inc., and hairdressers and manicurists who rent a chair inside a salon.\
\
Although 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  has offered a mobile app for several years for employees of big companies to look at paystubs and other personal data stored in corporate systems, the gig app is the first time 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  has appealed directly to consumers. "We can help individuals be smarter about their money," Stuart Sackman, corporate vice president of global product and technology, told CIO Journal.\
\
Without a corporate employer, gig workers must calculate tax deductions, retirement fund contributions and other administrative tasks that happen automatically for traditional employees. 
\f2\b Income
\f1\b0  taxes, in particular, can be a problem. The Internal Revenue Service sends out 1099 forms each year, tallying freelancers' 
\f2\b income
\f1\b0 . "You want to have the proper amount for taxes set aside so you don't get a nasty surprise in March or April, " said Don Weinstein, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's chief strategy officer.\
\
An estimated 55 million people work as freelancers in the U.S., about 35% of the workforce, according to the Freelancer's Union. There are signs growth in the gig economy is slowing, but about 1% of adults are actively sell their labor or goods each month on an online platform, according to JPMorgan Chase & Co. Institute. With the IRS issuing more than 90 million 1099 statements in 2015, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  sees a promising new audience, Mr. Weinstein said.\
\
The app grew out of 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's innovation lab here about six months ago, graduating to the company's internal incubator group, which built prototypes. About a dozen gig workers are testing the app, with the pool of testers due to reach 100 by the end of December, Mr. Weinstein said.\
\
Already developers have changed features in the app, in response to early feedback. The software originally asked users to enter their wages manually, which proved to be onerous, Mr. Sackman said. People would make errors or forget to do it. The latest version lets users link their bank accounts to the app, which monitors when Uber, Etsy or another employer deposits pay. The app then calculates taxes to save and alerts the user.\
\
Other capabilities that 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  is evaluating are linking to health-care insurers and retirement account managers, to advise gig workers about these benefits and help them choose providers, Mr. Weinstein said. \
\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf0 \
\

\f3 (END) Dow Jones Newswires
\f4 \
\

\f3 December 05, 2016 11:31 ET (16:31 GMT)
\f4 \
\
Document DJDN000020161205ecc5002z2\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  Buys Performance-Management Firm Marcus Buckingham -- Market Talk
\f1\b0 \
\
1,322 words\
18 January 2017\
01:43\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9017, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. \
\
12:43 ET - 
\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) acquires Marcus Buckingham Group, a private company focused on managing and monitoring employee performance. Terms weren't disclosed. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  says the deal adds to its ability to offer clients human-capital tools based on data and a long track record of research on workplace performance. Founder Marcus Buckingham helped develop the Gallup assessment 'StrengthsFinder,' now used by many large employers to help workers and managers identify their strengths and weaknesses. TMBC's cloud-based technology platform, called StandOut, will now be called 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  StandOut. (lauren.weber@wsj.com; @laurenweberWSJ)\
\
12:31 ET - The Belgian stock market BEL-20 closes down 0.2% at 3588.31, as most European markets end in the red after UK Prime Minister Theresa May said her country doesn't seek to remain part of the EU's single market after Brexit. The worst-performing stocks of this session are Umicore, down 1.6% and Galapagos, down 1.4%. The best-performing stocks are Bekaert, up 2.2% and Engie, up 1.1%. (valentina.pop@wsj.com)\
\
12:29 ET - December was the restaurant industry's weakest month in more than three years, according to research firm TDn2K, which noted a 4.3% decline in same-store sales for the month. That dragged down 4Q sales, with the industry, on average, notching a 2.4% decline, the worst quarter for restaurants in more than five years. TDn2K bases its projection on weekly sales data from nearly 26,000 restaurants. As restaurant companies begin reporting 4Q sales, investors will be seeking to learn whether 2017 is looking any better. (julie.jargon@wsj.com)\
\
12:26 ET - Shares of financial companies in the S&P 500 are down 1.6%, the worst performing sector in the broad index in early afternoon trade. Among the biggest decliners in the sector is Morgan Stanley (MS). The bank's shares are down 3.1%, on course for their worst day since July, despite the firm reporting its best 4Q results since the financial crisis earlier Tuesday. Bank of America (BAC) and JPMorgan Chase (JPM) are also down around 3%, after both banks reported 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  Friday that beat analysts' expectations. (akane.otani@wsj.com; @akaneotani)\
\
1717 GMT - Ahead of its investor day, slated for Wednesday in London, Mediaset (MS.MI) said it plans to reach Ebit of EUR468M by 2020, compared with EUR231.4M in 2015. It also targets an increase in its Italian advertising market share, from the current 37.4% to a 39% share in 2020. The Italian broadcaster adds that overall advertising revenue grew 4% on the year in 2016. Efficiency cuts and initiatives to improve the pay TV offer are among the actions that will contribute to reach these targets. (manuela.mesco@wsj.com; @manuelamesco)\
\
12:16 ET - Don't be surprised if the S&P 500 trades lower next month. In the first year of a presidency, the S&P 500 falls an average of 2.1% in February, Bank of America Merrill Lynch's technical research analysts say. The drop is steeper in years when there's a president in his first term: in those cases, the index has fallen an average of 3.8% in February. Historically, stocks have picked up again in the months leading to the summer. In the period through March to July, the S&P 500 has gained an average of 7.9%, according to BAML. "This fits with a potential for a 10% melt-up in stocks and commodities in 1H 2017 after a January/February Wobble," BAML analysts say. The broad index was recently down 0.2%. (akane.otani@wsj.com; @akaneotani)\
\
1707 GMT - CAC-40 ends down 0.5% at 4859.69 after British Prime Minister Theresa May detailed her Brexit plans. French banks BNP Paribas and Societe Generale close 1.1% and 0.9% lower respectively. Vinci ends 0.7% down after RBC cuts its rating on the stock to sector perform from outperform. Renault is better off, closing 1.4% higher as it passes domestic rival PSA Groupe to become Europe's second-biggest car maker after Volkswagen. Wednesday, investors will watch out for US CPI data at 1330 GMT. In Germany, Angela Merkel will host the first Cabinet Committee meeting for Brexit. (noemie.bisserbe@wsj.com)\
\
12:06 ET - Oracle (ORCL) plans to open three massive data centers in the next six months to handle its ambitious cloud computing plans. The data centers, known as "regions" in industry parlance, consist of at least three sites each that are located several miles from one another to insure online availability in case one facility goes down. Oracle didn't disclose the costs, but rivals, including Amazon.com, Microsoft and Alphabet's Google Cloud, have pumped billions of dollars in capital expenditures their own regions to gain a lead in the rapidly growing market of providing online computing power and storage on-demand. Oracle, which is racing to compete with those companies, plans to open its new regions in Reston, Va., London and Turkey, giving the company 29 of the operations globally. (jay.greene@wsj.com; @greene)\
\
1703 GMT - Carmelo Barbagallo, the Head of Banking Supervision at the Bank of Italy, says Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena will likely unveil its strategic plan at the beginning of February. He adds "within a few weeks it will be then discussed and approved by the European Commission." The Italian government will need to wait for the approval of the Tuscan bank's plan before it can inject around in EUR6.5B in the lender as part of a rescue plan it set up in December. (giovanni.legorano@wsj.com; @glegorano)\
\
1700 GMT - Portugal's 2016 budget deficit won't surpass 2.3% of gross domestic product, Prime Minister Antonio Costa says in parliament. The country reported a 4.4% of GDP deficit in 2015, and because it came in above the 3% threshold, it got close to being sanctioned by the European Commission. Despite the lower deficit, Portugal continues to struggle with a debt that is nearly 130% of GDP. (patricia.kowsmann@wsj.com; @kowsmann)\
\
11:59 ET - Boeing (BA) CEO Dennis Muilenburg meeting Donald Trump for a second time at the president-elect's request, having already committed to a $4B ceiling price for the program including jets that would serve as Air Force One. Trump would only fly on them if he wins a second term, given delivery dates are not till the 2020s. BA also pledged to price souped-up F/A-18 jets that could substitute for some Lockheed Martin (LMT) F-35s, though Pentagon officials have said the planes are complementary and cannot be swapped in for one another. BA recently down 0.7% at $157.70, with some downbeat sell-side notes out ahead of its 4Q report on Jan 25 suggesting the stock may have peaked. (doug.cameron@wsj.com; @dougcameron)\
\
11:55 ET - Alphabet's (GOOGL) home-automation unit Nest says it's expanding to Germany, Austria, Italy and Spain, doubling the number of households it sells to in Europe to 125M. The nearly seven-year-old firm's devices were previously only available in seven countries, despite being installed in 190 nations. Nest is one of GOOGL's so-called other bets, aside from its core Google business, and it has struggled recently to launch products amid the recent departure of its founder, Tony Fadell, according to former employees. Nest now sells a thermostat, smoke detector and home cameras, but plans for a doorbell and security system, for instance, are delayed or suspended, the former employees say. (jack.nicas@wsj.com; @jacknicas)\
\
(END) Dow Jones Newswires\
\
January 17, 2017 12:43 ET (17:43 GMT)\
\
Document DJDN000020170117ed1h002wk\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b 3 Activist Scenarios For  ADP  -- Barron's Blog
\f1\b0 \
\
By Johanna Bennett \
563 words\
5 August 2017\
00:49\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9017, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. \
\
What does Bill Ackman have planned for 
\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  ( 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 )?\
\
In a statement issued today, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  released details of the fight brewing with Ackman's hedge fund firm Pershing Square Capital Management. The firm has amassed an 8% stake in 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 . The company says it was contacted on Aug. 1 to request an extension to the Aug. 10 deadline for nomination of directors and that Pershing wants five seats on the 10-member board.\
\
Some analysts have weighed in on the matter today, predicting that the most likely activist scenario for 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  involves aggressive margin expansion.\
\
Wedbush analysts Moshe Katri and Ariel Hughes had three options on their list.\
\
1. A "push" to extract higher margins? Investors are comparing EBIT margins for 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  vs. PAYX: Roughly 2000 BPTS delta (PAYX much higher) factoring: roughly 500 BPTS from PEO pass-throughs; exiting 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's international biz which generates lower margins; exiting 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's ancillary services, which also generate lower margins; and "fixing" pricing differences for large corporations vs. SMBs. A potential "push" to generate improved margins could impact company's growth strategy, as historically, lower margin ancillary services served as a "defensive" buffer for the company's payroll processing traditional business;\
\
2. Flagging the option of raising debt in order to initiate more aggressive capital allocation program (buyback, dividends)\
\
3. Flagging the option of changing the layering of 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's portfolio with a greater exposure to short term yield, effectively generating a higher float 
\f2\b income
\f1\b0 .\
\
How much margin expansion is possible?\
\
ISI Evercore analyst David Togut and his team offered up these figures.\
\
In our base case scenario, assuming 500 basis points of EBIT margin expansion to 25% by 2022, 6% top-line growth and a hypothetical 
\f2\b EPS
\f1\b0  of $6.60, our potential price targets range from $117 to $143 or 5%-28% upside. We assume a FY22 target P/E range of 23-28, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's range since the CDK spinoff, a 3 year discount period, and 9% WACC.\
\
In our highly aggressive, low probability scenario, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  might achieve 1000 basis points of EBIT margin expansion over five years, reaching a 30% adjusted EBIT margin, producing 5% average revenue growth and a hypothetical 2022E 
\f2\b EPS
\f1\b0  of $7.85, yielding potential price targets of $139 to $170, or 24%-52% upside. We assume a FY22 target P/E range of 23-28, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's range since the CDK spinoff, a 3 year discount period, and 9% WACC.\
\
There seem to be more questions than answers about Ackman's interest in 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 .\
\
In its earlier statement, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  said Ackman requested a 30 to 40-day extension to the Aug. 10 deadline for board nominations. But in a phone interview with CNBC's Scott Wapner on "Halftime Report," Ackman said he asked for a week-long deadline extension and only planned to seek four or fewer seats. CNBC also reported that Ackman says he does not want a proxy fight.\
\
There is push back from at least one big Wall Street name. CNBC reports that it obtained a copy of an email sent by Omega Advisors's Leon Cooperman telling Ackman not to interfere in 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 . \
\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf0 \
 \
 More at Barron's Focus on Funds blog, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.barrons.com/focus-on-funds"}}{\fldrslt 
\f4 \cf2 http://www.barrons.com/focus-on-funds}}
\f4 \
\

\f3 (END) Dow Jones Newswires
\f4 \
\

\f3 August 04, 2017 12:49 ET (16:49 GMT)
\f4 \
\
Document DJDN000020170804ed84002pe\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \page \
\
\

\f2\b Bill Ackman Pushing for Board Seats to Control  ADP 
\f1\b0 \
\
By Justina Vasquez \
1,215 words\
4 August 2017\
20:43\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9017, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. \
\

\f2\b AutomaticData Processing
\f1\b0  Inc. has rejected a request from Bill Ackman's Pershing Square Capital Management LP to take half of its board seats, in the latest of recent examples of activist investors looking to force changes at companies.\
\
Shares of 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  are up 2.9% at $115 in premarket trading Friday.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  said the New York-based hedge fund had asked earlier this week to extend the Aug. 10 deadline to nominate directors to its board by 30 to 45 days. With the extension, Mr. Ackman would nominate himself and four other directors to the 10-person board. The request noted that 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  Chief Executive Carlos Rodriguez "should be replaced," citing company overvaluation, the company said.\
\
The Roseland, N.J., human-resources software company said its board unanimously rejected the "last-minute" request, as the deadline for board nominees has been public for nearly a year. Mr. Ackman told the company that he has an 8% stake in 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 , largely through derivatives.\
\
Activists and companies often extend a nomination deadline in order to negotiate changes privately without needing to launch a public shareholder fight.\
\
"We believe our current board has an effective balance of leadership continuity and fresh perspectives" that will help continue delivering value to shareholders, the company said in a statement.\
\
4 Aug 2017 09:29 ET  Bill Ackman Pushing for Board Seats to Control 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  -- Update\
\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf0 \
By Justina Vasquez 
\f4 \
\

\f5\b Automatic Data
\f3\b0  Processing Inc. said activist investor and hedge-fund manager Bill Ackman is seeking to take half of its board seats and replace Chief Executive Carlos Rodriguez, in the latest of recent examples of activist investors looking to force changes at companies.
\f4 \
\

\f3 Shares of 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  are up 2.5% at $114.50 in premarket trading Friday.
\f4 \
\

\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  said New York-based Pershing Square Capital Management LP asked earlier this week to extend the Aug. 10 deadline to nominate directors to its board by 30 to 45 days. Mr. Ackman told the company he wants to nominate himself and four other directors to the 10-person board. The request also noted that Mr. Rodriguez, who has served as CEO since November 2011, should be replaced.
\f4 \
\

\f3 Activists and companies often extend a nomination deadline in order to negotiate changes privately without needing to launch a public shareholder fight.
\f4 \
\

\f3 The Roseland, N.J., human-resources software company said its board unanimously rejected the "last-minute" request, as the deadline for board nominees has been public for nearly a year. Mr. Ackman told the company that he has an 8% stake in 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 , largely through derivatives.
\f4 \
\

\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  also argued that because its shareholder return under Mr. Rodriguez's tenure as CEO has been stronger than Mr. Ackman's performance at Pershing and no executive changes are needed.
\f4 \
\

\f3 "We believe our current board has an effective balance of leadership continuity and fresh perspectives" that will help continue delivering value to shareholders, the company said in a statement.
\f4 \
\

\f3 4 Aug 2017 13:08 ET \

\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  Defends CEO, Board in Swipe at Activist Investor Ackman--2nd Update
\f4 \
\

\f3 \
By Justina Vasquez 
\f4 \
\

\f5\b Automatic Data
\f3\b0  Processing Inc. launched a broadside against William Ackman on Friday in what is shaping up to be a nasty fight over the human-resource software giant's leadership.
\f4 \
\

\f3 In an unusual move, 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  pre-empted Mr. Ackman Friday morning and said the shareholder activist is seeking to throw out half of its board and replace Chief Executive Carlos Rodriguez.
\f4 \
\

\f3 In a statement, 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  chastised Mr. Ackman for seeking a delay in its director-nomination deadline. It defended Mr. Rodriguez and the board and took a swipe at Mr. Ackman's own investing performance, which has lagged.
\f4 \
\

\f3 Mr. Ackman has yet to officially disclose the investment, though it was reported last week by Bloomberg. 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  said he informed the company he owns an 8% stake, much of it through derivatives.
\f4 \
\

\f3 A pre-emptive strike against an activist is rare for companies -- especially ones as big as Roseland, N.J.-based 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 , which has a $50 billion market value. 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 's move highlights how quickly tension can ramp up when an activist seeks a CEO change, something that is happening more often as the investors seek new ways to boost returns.
\f4 \
\

\f3 The likely result is a monthslong shareholder fight over the board and Mr. Rodriguez, with an activist who isn't known for biting his tongue.
\f4 \
\

\f3 Mr. Ackman is seeking five seats, including one for himself, on the 10-person board, 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  said.
\f4 \
\

\f3 He met with Mr. Rodriguez and 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  Chairman John Jones on Thursday and requested more time beyond the Aug. 10 deadline to discuss his nominations and a candidate for Mr. Rodriguez's job, according to 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 's statement and people familiar with the meeting. The activist didn't share who his board or executive candidates were, though he described their r\'e9um\'e9 in broad strokes, the people said.
\f4 \
\

\f3 Mr. Ackman said if the company didn't extend the deadline, the fight would likely become public, the people said. Activists and companies often delay such deadlines to negotiate peaceful settlements privately, which Mr. Ackman was seeking, one person said.
\f4 \
\

\f3 Mr. Ackman added in the meeting that he was headed on vacation later Thursday, the people said.
\f4 \
\

\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  decided it wouldn't wait. It publicly rejected the extension Friday, suggesting it wasn't in the best interest of shareholders to allow Mr. Ackman more time to figure out how to gain control of the board at an annual meeting that will likely take place in November. It labeled it a "last-minute" request to extend a deadline that has been in place for nearly a year. It also touted recent new additions to its board.
\f4 \
\

\f3 An 8% stake would amount to about $4 billion and make it one of the biggest current bets for Mr. Ackman's Pershing Square Capital Management LP, which has struggled in recent years. Through July, its publicly traded fund has gained up 0.9%, severely lagging behind the big market rally of 2017. It's down more than 35% from a high in the middle of 2015. The firm managed about $10 billion in assets as of the end of July, about half what it had two years ago.
\f4 \
\

\f3 Much of the decline is due to the $4 billion 
\f5\b loss
\f3\b0  Pershing Square suffered on Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc., which Mr. Ackman sold out of this year. He maintains large stakes in Mondelez International Inc. and won board seats at Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. in December, which came without a fight.
\f4 \
\

\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  drew a contrast with Mr. Rodriguez's six-year tenure. 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  shares returned about 164%, including dividends, between the time he took over and when Mr. Ackman's stake surfaced, besting the 120% return of the S&P 500 over the same period. Including a spin-off, the company said the total return is 202%.
\f4 \
\

\f3 Mr. Ackman has notched some of his best historical investments when he brought in new leaders to shake up companies, such as Canadian Pacific Railway Ltd. and Air Products and Chemicals Inc. But he has also been burned by CEO changes, famously helping bring Ron Johnson to J.C. Penney Co., which subsequently floundered.
\f4 \
\

\f3 (END) Dow Jones Newswires
\f4 \
\

\f3 August 04, 2017 13:08 ET (17:08 GMT)
\f4 \
\
Document DJDN000020170804ed84001rv\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  Takes Swipe at Ackman, Setting Stage for a Fight
\f1\b0 \
\
898 words\
4 August 2017\
20:50\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9017, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. \
\

\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc. fired an unusual broadside against activist investor William Ackman Friday, taking the first strike in what is shaping up to be a nasty fight over the human-resources software giant\'92 leadership.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  said early Friday that Mr. Ackman had taken a stake in the company and revealed he was seeking to throw out half the company\'92 board and replace Chief Executive Carlos Rodriguez.\
\
The surprise statement was released ahead of Mr. Ackman\'92 own disclosures. Such a pre-emptive move against an activist is rare for companies as big as Roseland, N.J.-based 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 , which has a $50 billion market value. It highlights how quickly tensions can ramp up when an activist seeks a CEO change\'97omething that is happening more often as the investors seek new ways to boost returns.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  said it had denied Mr. Ackman\'92 \'93ast minute\'94equest to delay an Aug. 10 deadline for nominating directors so he could nominate his own slate. Mr. Ackman made the request Aug. 1, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  said.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  defended Mr. Rodriguez and the board, and it took a swipe at Mr. Ackman\'92 own investing performance, which has lagged behind the stock market the past two years.\
\
Though Mr. Ackman had yet to officially disclose the investment, it was reported last week by Bloomberg.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  said Mr. Ackman informed it that his company, Pershing Square Capital Management LP, owns an 8% stake, much of it through derivatives. Mr. Ackman confirmed the stake in a statement later Friday, and said it was the firm\'92 largest investment.\
\
Pershing Square said it sees \'93normous opportunity\'94o boost 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 \'92 performance by increasing growth, improving its offerings and cutting costs. It added that it offered to work with 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  management or an outside CEO candidate. Pershing Square said it plans to launch a proxy fight for a \'93inority\'94late of directors. For the board and Mr. Rodriguez, it promises to turn into a monthslong fight with an activist who isn\'92 known for biting his tongue.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  said Mr. Ackman said he was seeking five seats, including one for himself, on the 10-person board. He met with Mr. Rodriguez and 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  Chairman John Jones Thursday and requested more time beyond the Aug. 10 deadline to discuss his nominations and a candidate for Mr. Rodriguez\'92 job, according to Mr. Ackman and 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 . Mr. Ackman didn\'92 tell them who his board or executive candidates were, though he described their r\'e9um\'e9 in broad strokes, people familiar with the meeting said.\
\
His attempt to replace 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  board members and the CEO follows a similar successful move earlier this year at railroad CSX Corp. Paul Hilal, Mr. Ackman\'92 former longtime lieutenant, teamed up with Hunter Harrison, then at Canadian Pacific Railway Ltd. The news that Mr. Harrison was seeking the CEO job at CSX sent the stock soaring. That smoothed the path to a settlement\'97ut in that case, CSX\'92 CEO was already headed toward retirement.\
\
Mr. Ackman said at the meeting that if 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  didn\'92 extend the deadline, the fight would likely become public, the people said. Activists and companies often delay such deadlines to negotiate settlements privately\'97 solution Mr. Ackman was seeking, one person said.\
\
Mr. Ackman mentioned that he was headed on vacation later Thursday, the people said. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  decided it wouldn\'92 wait.\
\
On Friday, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  publicly rejected the extension request, suggesting it wasn\'92 in shareholders\'92est interest to give Mr. Ackman more time to figure out how to gain control of the board at the annual meeting, which will likely take place in November.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  labeled it a \'93ast minute\'94equest to extend a deadline that has been in place for nearly a year. It also touted recent new additions to its board.\
\
An 8% stake would amount to about $4 billion, a big bet for Pershing Square, which has struggled in recent years. Through July, its publicly traded fund has gained 0.9%, far behind the market rally of 2017. It is down more than 35% from a high in mid-2015. The firm managed about $10 billion in assets as of the end of July, about half of what it had two years ago.\
\
Much of the decline is due to Pershing Square\'92 $4 billion 
\f2\b loss
\f1\b0  on Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc., which Mr. Ackman sold out of this year. He maintains large stakes in Mondelez International Inc. and won board seats at Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. in December, which he got without a fight.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  drew a contrast with Mr. Rodriguez\'92 six-year tenure. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  shares returned about 164%, including dividends, from when Mr. Rodriguez took over and when Mr. Ackman\'92 stake surfaced. That bested the 120% return of the S&P 500 over the same period. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  said including a spinoff, the total return is 202%.\
\
Mr. Ackman has notched some of his best historical investments by bringing in new leaders to shake up companies, such as Canadian Pacific and Air Products and Chemicals Inc. But he has also been burned by CEO changes, famously helping bring Ron Johnson to J.C. Penney Co., which subsequently floundered.\
\
Write to David Benoit at david.benoit@wsj.com\
\
(END) Dow Jones Newswires\
\
August 04, 2017 08:50 ET (12:50 GMT)\
\
Document DJDN000020170804ed84001v0\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  Heads to a Rare Ackman Proxy Fight -- Market Talk
\f1\b0 \
\
1,456 words\
8 August 2017\
05:12\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9017, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. \
\
1712 ET - Bill Ackman isn't known for being shy, but his fight with 
\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) will be only his fourth proxy fight of any size, a number some of his rivals run each year. The activist says he'd nominate himself and two others to the 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  board. That's down from the five seats 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  said he was seeking privately. His past fights have been mixed: He cancelled a fight over the board at Allergan after it agreed to be bought by Actavis in 2014, banking a large 
\f2\b profit
\f1\b0 . He won a campaign to change over Canadian Pacific Railway (CP.T) in 2012, which is often mentioned as a precedent setter in Canada. And he lost an attempt at Target (TGT) in 2009. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's already swinging hard and there may be three months of heated tension here. (david.benoit@wsj.com; @DaveCBenoit)\
\
1647 ET - Avis Budget Group (CAR) sharply cuts 2017 guidance following disappointing 2Q results amid lower used-car prices. CEO Larry De Shon says CAR's 2Q results in the Americas "reflected both a 4% reduction in pricing resulting from industry over-fleeting and higher per-unit fleet costs due to lower used-vehicle values." CAR now expects adjusted 
\f2\b EPS
\f1\b0  of $2.40-$2.85, down from its earlier view of $2.85-$3.50. CAR says it has identified $25M more in cost savings, bringing its 2017 tally to $75M. Shares fall 9.2% to $30.32 in extended trading. (maria.armental@wsj.com; @mjarmental)\
\
1633 ET - LendingClub's (LC) originations rise 10% to $2.15B and the online lender upgrades its full-year forecast on revenue, net 
\f2\b income
\f1\b0  and adjusted 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0 . Revenue yield, as a percentage of originations, rises 14 bp to 6.5%, driven primarily from a securitization program launched in 2Q. LC gains 8.1% to $5.90 after hours. (bowdeya.tweh@wsj.com; @BowKnowsBiz)\
\
1629 ET - Online lender LendingClub (LC) reports a 2Q 
\f2\b loss
\f1\b0  of $25.4M, or 6c/share, an improvement from a 
\f2\b loss
\f1\b0  of $81.4M, or 21c, in 2Q16. Revenue increased 35% to $139.6M, the second highest level in LC's history and in line with analysts' expectations. LendingClub extended $2.15B in loans during the 2Q, a 10% increase from a year ago. (peter.rudegeair@wsj.com; @rudegeair)\
\
1620 ET - The US soybean crop improved last week, according to the USDA. The share of oilseeds in good-or-excellent condition inched higher to 60% as of Sunday, up from 59% last week. That's the second consecutive week of better ratings, due in part to cooler temperatures and more rainfall. Forecasts for the next 10 days are now drier, however. Corn rated good or excellent was also at 60%, a 1% drop from a week earlier. Meanwhile, the spring wheat crop, 24% of which is harvested, climbed one percentage point to 32% good or excellent. (benjamin.parkin@wsj.com; @b_parkyn)\
\
1609 ET - CBS has struck a distribution agreement with DirecTV Now, the new streaming service the satellite broadcaster launched earlier this year. Under the deal terms, CBS, its premium cable channel Showtime, its basic cable service Pop and the CW broadcast network will be offered on DirecTV Now. Live linear feeds of CBS including sports coverage and its other networks will be available as will on-demand offerings. Not having CBS was seen as a negative for DirecTV Now. Rival Charter Communications (CHTR) even used the fact that DirecTV Now did not have CBS in a negative advertising campaign. The agreement also comes at a time when DirecTV parent AT&T (T) is trying to get approval for its acquisition of entertainment giant Time Warner (TWX) which owns Showtime rival HBO. (Joe.Flint@WSJ.com)\
\
1605 ET - The Dow gains 0.1% to 22118, notching another record and its tenth straight session in the black, the S&P hits its own record close, up 0.2% to 2481 and the Nasdaq jumps 0.5% to 6384. Consumer staples top the S&P 500, with Tyson jumping 5.7% on its 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  report, in which it said rising exports helped boost revenue. Energy plummets though, with Newfield Exploration, Pioneer Natural Resources and Marathon Oil all down more than 4% as crude oil falls 0.6% to $49.28. Treasury yields fall to 2.257% from 2.269% Friday. (jonathan.vuocolo@wsj.com; @jonvuocolo)\
\
1559 ET - Demand for the work of large law firms fell 0.1% in the 2Q, according to an analysis from Thomson Reuters Peer Monitor Index. Firms at the top of the market did better, seeing a 1.6% growth, but that was dampened by firms further down the food chain. Demand for corporate work was flat, while tax work demand was up. On the litigation side, demand was down. "The market tier made up of the largest firms is showing more widespread stability and growth than their smaller counterparts," says Mike Abbott, a vice president at Thomson Reuters. "In recent years, while many of the largest firms have been able to hold their own or even grow, some large firms had seen portions of work shift to more down-market segments, often in search of more cost-effective options. We are now seeing a greater flow of 'big ticket' work such as litigation and M&A to the ranks of the largest national and global firms." (sara.randazzo@wsj.com; @sara_randazzo)\
\
1552 ET - Dish Network (DISH) formally petitions the FCC to deny Sinclair Broadcast Group's (SBGI) proposed $3.9B acquisition of Tribune Media (TRCO), citing potential harm to consumers. DISH's petition, which had been expected to challenge the deal, notes the SBGI-TRCO tie-up would violate current media ownership rules, including the duopoly rule in at least 11 markets and the national ownership cap. Last week the Department of Justice requested deal participants to submit more information on the merger. The FCC separately denied a request from DISH and other parties to reveal confidential transaction details, with DISH continuing to suggest "the requested information is integral to any proper evaluation," of the deal. DISH is down 1%, while Sinclair is up 0.3%. (maria.armental@wsj.com; @mjarmental)\
\
1544 ET - Departing Avon (AVP) CEO Sheri McCoy will get a payout equal to at least half of her maximum incentive pay for 2017 as part of a termination deal with the company, according to a regulatory filing. McCoy was eligible for $1.8M in incentive pay in 2016; she received $946,800. AVP announced last week that McCoy would leave the company March 31. Under terms of the arrangement, she could be removed sooner if the company finds a replacement CEO before that date, but would stay on as an advisor and continue to receive pay and benefits until March. She will receive no annual or long-term incentive awards for 2018. (Sharon.Terlep@wsj.com)\
\
1530 ET - Amazon (AMZN) is connecting its Echo speakers to Fire TVs. Now customers with both devices can pair them, allowing them to search for, order up and pause or play shows via voice. It's also adding the capability to view live video feed from smart-home cameras via the Fire TV device. "This is just the beginning and we'll continue to create new ways to simplify the way you interact with your TV," says Marc Whitten, VP Fire TV. AMZN has been using both its Prime Video offering and its Echo devices as a way to boost its $99 annual membership ranks, a group that spends more than double nonmembers on its site, according to analyst estimates. (laura.stevens@wsj.com; @laurastevenswsj)\
\
1527 ET - In 2016, the University of Arizona College of Law said it would no longer require incoming students to take the Law School Admission Test, or LSAT. Now, two more major universities, Northwestern Pritzker School of Law and Georgetown Law, say they too won't require the test. Instead, the schools, as well as Harvard Law, say they'll accept the Graduate Record Examination, or GRE. The shift is a hit to LSAT-maker Law School Admission Council, the nonprofit that administers the test. In announcing its change, Georgetown says, "While the LSAT remains an important admissions tool, we also believe that it is well past time that the legal profession open wide the doors to an even more diverse population that better reflects American society as a whole." (sara.randazzo@wsj.com; @sara_randazzo)\
\
(END) Dow Jones Newswires\
\
August 07, 2017 17:12 ET (21:12 GMT)\
\
Document DJDN000020170807ed87003b0\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b Ackman reaches out to  ADP  retail investors, softens image
\f1\b0 \
\
487 words\
11 October 2017\
09:49\
Reuters News\
LBA\
English\
Copyright 2017 Thomson Reuters. All Rights Reserved. \
\
BOSTON (Reuters) - Billionaire investor William Ackman took his fight for board seats at 
\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc to retail investors on Tuesday in an unusually public format where he detailed his successes and failures and urged all to cast their votes.\
\
For one hour, the Wall Street hedge fund manager spoke in a live webinar, fielding questions from Main Street investors about 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's culture, the company's 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  potential and what expertise he would bring, all while trying to soften his image of an impatient investor who likes to fire people.\
\
"This is your company and you get to decide," Ackman said, urging retail investors to vote their shares. "The decision to vote your shares is as important as voting for president of the United States," he said, before showing a short tutorial on exactly how to vote for him.\
\
The 51-year-old hedge fund manager is pushing 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  to cut bureaucracy, consolidate its real estate holdings and enhance technology, all to boost 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0 . He is seeking control of three seats out of 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's board of 10.\
\
Ackman's effort to reach retail investors illustrates just how critical this group, which owns 28 percent of 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 , is in determining the outcome of the battle between himself and the human-resources software company at the Nov. 7 vote. Ackman's $10 billion hedge fund, Pershing Square Capital Management, holds an 8.3 percent economic stake in 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  but has only a 2 percent voting stake.\
\
Until recently, retail investors have been largely ignored in proxy contests, partly because employees, retirees and amateur investors are often seen to side with management if they vote their shares at all.\
\
For Ackman, who has won and lost proxy battles, the stakes are high. While he has returned an average 15 percent a year over the last decade, his reputation has been hobbled by two years of double-digit losses in 2016 and 2015, and a number of prominent investors have pulled money out.\
\
The importance of retail investors was illustrated on Tuesday as another activist, Trian Fund Management's Nelson Peltz, appears to have lost his bid for one seat on the board at Procter & Gamble Co.\
\
On the webinar, Ackman acknowledged mistakes like his bet on Valeant Pharmaceuticals Inc, on which he took a more than $3 billion 
\f2\b loss
\f1\b0  when he finally sold his stake. But he spent more time detailing achievements at Canadian Pacific Railway Ltd, Zoetis Inc and Air Products & Chemicals Inc, and laid out the amount of money he and the two other board candidates have riding on 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's future success.\
\
"We would have skin in the game," Ackman said. He also said he is open to having top executives stay and would not envision large scale-layoffs.\
\
(Reporting by Svea Herbst-Bayliss; Editing by Leslie Adler) \
\
Released: 2017-10-11T01:49:06.000Z\
\
Document LBA0000020171011edab001p5\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b Ackman Cranks Up Pressure on  ADP 
\f1\b0 \
\
397 words\
18 October 2017\
03:50\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9017, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. \
\
LAGUNA BEACH, Calif.--Activist investor William Ackman turned up the pressure on 
\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc., saying the company has \'93issed the market\'94y focusing more on meeting revenue guidance than developing new technology.\
\
The founder of Pershing Square Capital Management LP in August took a roughly $4 billion stake in human-resources software firm 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  and has said the company can double its stock value by building up its own software capabilities. He is lobbying for three seats on the board for himself and two other Pershing Square nominees ahead of a Nov. 7 vote.\
\
\'93here\'92 no ownership culture in the board room,\'94r. Ackman said on Tuesday of 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  during in an interview at The Wall Street Journal\'92 WSJ D.Live technology conference.\
\
He said the company\'92 culture was too focused on \'93aking its numbers\'94nd added, \'93hey spend more than the entire industry does on developing products and software and much smaller competitors \'85ave better products than 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 .\'94\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  has resisted Mr. Ackman\'92 activist efforts, rejecting his bid for a board seat in August. Instead, it nominated its 10-person board for re-election.\
\
Mr. Ackman, who typically places big bets on only a handful of companies, has had a difficult run lately. He took a roughly $4 billion 
\f2\b loss
\f1\b0  in March when he sold his stake in Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc., and his five-year-old bet against supplement maker Herbalife Ltd. continues to drag on. He did have gains on Canadian Pacific Railway Ltd. and once bankrupt developer GGP Inc.\
\
Though he has taken an interest in 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 , Mr. Ackman said he doesn\'92 foresee himself making more technology-related investments because \'93he companies are so dynamic that it\'92 hard to predict the future.\'94e said 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  was different because it is a services business based on long-term relationships with companies that would incur high costs by switching to rivals.\
\
Mr. Ackman also waded into the controversial practice of issuing nonvoting or low-voting stock, favored by technology companies. He said that structure could work when the founder is still involved in the business but \'93fter the founder retires, it should convert to one vote one share.\'94\
\
Write to Tripp Mickle at Tripp.Mickle@wsj.com\
\
(END) Dow Jones Newswires\
\
October 17, 2017 15:50 ET (19:50 GMT)\
\
Document DJDN000020171017edah002tp\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b Ackman Cranks Up Pressure on  ADP  -- Update
\f1\b0 \
\
By Tripp Mickle \
436 words\
18 October 2017\
11:17\
Dow Jones Newswires Chinese (English)\
RTNW\
English\
Copyright \'a9017, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. \
\
LAGUNA BEACH, Calif.--Activist investor William Ackman turned up the pressure on 
\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc., saying the company has "missed the market" by focusing more on meeting revenue guidance than developing new technology.\
\
The founder of Pershing Square Capital Management LP in August took a roughly $4 billion stake in human-resources software firm 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  and has said the company can double its stock value by building up its own software capabilities. He is lobbying for three seats on the board for himself and two other Pershing Square nominees ahead of a Nov. 7 vote.\
\
"There's no ownership culture in the board room," Mr. Ackman said on Tuesday of 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  during in an interview at The Wall Street Journal's WSJ D.Live technology conference.\
\
He said the company's culture was too focused on "making its numbers" and added, "They spend more than the entire industry does on developing products and software and much smaller competitors ...have better products than 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ."\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  has resisted Mr. Ackman's activist efforts, rejecting his bid for a board seat in August. Instead, it nominated its 10-person board for re-election.\
\
In a letter to shareholders earlier this month, the company said that Pershing Square's "extreme and ever-changing views would put 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's business at risk" and said Mr. Ackman's firm has a history of "destroying shareholder value."\
\
Mr. Ackman, who typically places big bets on only a handful of companies, has had a difficult run lately. He took a roughly $4 billion 
\f2\b loss
\f1\b0  in March when he sold his stake in Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc., and his five-year-old bet against supplement maker Herbalife Ltd. continues to drag on. He did have gains on Canadian Pacific Railway Ltd. and once bankrupt developer GGP Inc.\
\
Though he has taken an interest in 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 , Mr. Ackman said he doesn't foresee himself making more technology-related investments because "the companies are so dynamic that it's hard to predict the future." He said 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  was different because it is a services business based on long-term relationships with companies that would incur high costs by switching to rivals.\
\
Mr. Ackman also waded into the controversial practice of issuing nonvoting or low-voting stock, favored by technology companies. He said that structure could work when the founder is still involved in the business but "after the founder retires, it should convert to one vote one share."\
\
Write to Tripp Mickle at Tripp.Mickle@wsj.com\
\
(END) Dow Jones Newswires\
\
18-10-17 0317GMT\
\
Document RTNW000020171018edai0002k\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP , ISS reject Ackman's claims they exchanged non-public data
\f1\b0 \
\
309 words\
1 November 2017\
01:30\
Reuters News\
LBA\
English\
Copyright 2017 Thomson Reuters. All Rights Reserved. \
\
(Reuters) - 
\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc rejected as "false and misleading" on Tuesday the accusation by billionaire investor William Ackman that the company gave proxy adviser Institutional Shareholder Services non-publicly disclosed information.\
\
Ackman, who is aiming to win three seats on 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's board in a vote next week, on Monday said the company had given ISS misleading and incorrect claims and asked ISS to reconsider its recommendation that shareholders largely vote for 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's slate.\
\
"
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  has not disclosed any material non-public information in its meetings with ISS or any other party," the company said, adding that it would file a complaint with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).\
\
ISS, which has supported Ackman's election, said its policy was to not elicit, receive or use non-public information in its research.\
\
"ISS has carefully reviewed the arguments made by Pershing Square in their October 30 letter to ISS and continues to stand by the analysis and conclusions set forth in our October 25 report issued to clients," ISS said in a emailed statement.\
\
Ackman unveiled his stake of 8.3 percent, including 2 percent in common shares, in the human resources outsourcing company in August.\
\
He has since criticized the company for what he calls sluggish 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  and inefficient operations.\
\
ISS had recommended that shareholders withhold votes for one incumbent director, "thereby facilitating the election of a single dissident nominee."\
\
"The election of one dissident candidate \'96articularly a significantly vested shareholder like nominee Ackman, whose skill set is considered most additive \'96ould appear sufficient to prompt the board to address the valid questions raised over the course of this contest," ISS had said.\
\
(Reporting by Munsif Vengattil in Bengaluru and Svea Herbst in Boston; Editing by Savio D'Souza) \
\
Released: 2017-10-31T17:30:33.000Z\
\
Document LBA0000020171031edav00cvx\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  Vote to Offer a Status Check on Standing of Activist Investor Ackman
\f1\b0 \
\
By David Benoit and Juliet Chung \
1,319 words\
5 November 2017\
20:00\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9017, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. \
\

\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc. has spent the past several years trying to modernize its business. On Tuesday, shareholders will decide whether those moves are enough or if they want to allow one of Wall Street's most powerful and polarizing investors into the boardroom.\
\
Famed hedge fund manager William Ackman is seeking a seat for himself and two others on 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's 10-person board, saying it has fallen behind hot technology companies that have made its human-resources industry user-friendly.\
\
Tuesday's vote is the first time Mr. Ackman has had to woo investor votes since his bad bet on Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. caused billions of dollars in losses at his hedge fund more than two years ago. A win--or even a close vote--for Mr. Ackman could be a reprieve and show that big investors believe he can help improve companies. A bad 
\f2\b loss
\f1\b0  could raise questions about his future.\
\
Mr. Ackman and his Pershing Square Capital Management have underperformed for nearly three years, largely because of a $4 billion 
\f2\b loss
\f1\b0  on Valeant. Its main fund has lost 24% since 2014, compared with a 33% climb in the S&P 500. The fund is roughly flat this year through October, while the S&P 500 is up 17%, including dividends.\
\
Mr. Ackman points instead to his long-term track record, saying Pershing Square has returned more than 500% since its January 2004 start, compared with the S&P 500's roughly 200%.\
\
The outcome of shareholder fights typically hinges on the specific idea on the table rather than an activist's past performance. But Mr. Ackman's counterpart, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  Chief Executive Carlos Rodriguez, has sought to pressure him by hammering his performance.\
\
Mr. Rodriguez says he is already transforming 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's technology, and the company's shares have outpaced returns of the S&P 500 since he became CEO in November 2011, performance that typically makes for a difficult activist target.\
\
The tension between Pershing Square and 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  is highlighted by an opinion of the biggest proxy adviser, Institutional Shareholders Services Inc. ISS said 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's board needs change and that Mr. Ackman is a strong candidate to improve performance--but it stopped short of recommending that shareholders vote for him because he might introduce too much risk to the company. Both sides criticized ISS's opinion. ISS said it stands by the report.\
\
Several large shareholders, including one of 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's 10 biggest, said they will support the company in the vote, citing Mr. Rodriguez's track record. Still, some of those investors believed there was room to improve and expressed hope Mr. Ackman's presence would pressure management.\
\
"This was a company that got no attention from its investors or the public," Mr. Ackman said in an interview. "As a result of our research and the proxy campaign, the shareholders and the company have a much better understanding of the massive opportunity to be unlocked and that is inherently a good thing."\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 , based in Roseland, N.J., has a stock-market value of about $51 billion, but it isn't used to a spotlight. It helps a wide range of companies handle repetitive HR functions like payroll and timekeeping, and 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  says one in every six U.S. workers benefits from its services. Still, it historically operated behind the scenes, dealing with corporate executives not individual employees.\
\
At a private concert 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  held in August for employees, country music powerhouse Blake Shelton, who opened for pop stars Gwen Stefani and Adam Levine, joked about the company's ability to book so many stars.\
\
"
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ! I'll tell you what, I'm not even real sure what the hell y'all do, " he said on stage, according to a video of the event. "But y'all must make a shitload of money, is all I can say."\
\
Mr. Ackman argues 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  has fumbled its industry-leading size and position. Today, HR functions are moving into the hands of individual employees, driven by software-focused firms like Workday Inc. and Ultimate Software Group Inc. The activist says 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  is insular, stifles innovation and it relies too heavily on people while software-heavy firms run lower-cost models.\
\
Mr. Ackman also says the company could boost its operating margins significantly more than it plans to, though both sides have alleged that the other manipulates numbers.\
\
Mr. Rodriguez admits margins and technology need to improve. But he says moving at too fast a pace risks destabilizing the business.\
\
"I wanted to make the company a technology company that provides services and compliance, rather than a services company that uses technology, which is what 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's DNA had been for a long time," Mr. Rodriguez said in an interview. "We are certainly closer now."\
\
A four-year-old Chelsea office at the center of its technology push feels like a Silicon Valley stereotype: exposed steel beams and concrete floors, free food, napping pods tucked behind curtains and public hackathons in the cafeteria. Mr. Rodriguez jokingly apologized to some of his staff for wearing a suit and tie as he toured a Wall Street Journal reporter through the office.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  has already moved small businesses and most of its medium-sized clients on to new technology. For larger companies, with 1,000 employees and up, new technology is still being built. Mr. Rodriguez says he learned a lesson in transitioning medium-sized firms: 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  went too fast and ran into problems dealing with changes and the launch of the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare. Client departures jumped.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  says Pershing Square's suggestion to increase margins would introduce risk for bigger customers by pushing them too fast, and since such clients only change providers roughly every 20 years, the pace needs to be careful.\
\
Pershing Square has invested about $2.3 billion in 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 , including $500 million it raised specifically for the stake, but it can only vote about 2% of the company's shares because much of its exposure is through derivatives that don't have voting power.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  stock is up 13% this year and has returned about 187% since Mr. Rodriguez took over in 2011, compared with the S&P 500's 132%. It has risen 6.5% since Mr. Ackman's position was first reported in July.\
\
Assets in Pershing Square, meanwhile, have slumped to $9.42 billion at the end of October, from $20.2 billion in July 2015, because of losing bets and defecting clients.\
\
Even Mr. Ackman's victories have been unable to make up for the bruising he took on Valeant. He quelled some concerns about his influence last year when he got a seat at struggling Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc., but that stock has continued slumping, losing 28% this year. Mr. Ackman recently restructured his five-year bet against Herbalife Ltd., limiting possible losses as his position had continued to lose money.\
\
As Pershing Square's losses have mounted, clients have defected. New Jersey's pension fund, the Illinois State Board of Investment and the Colorado Fire & Police Association are among clients who decided last year to pull their money from Pershing Square. The influential investment consultant Cliffwater LLC also recommended last year that its clients redeem.\
\
Other investors, including the $2.2 billion Fort Worth Employees' Retirement Fund in Texas, have placed Pershing Square on a watch list for closer monitoring. The pension expects volatility in Mr. Ackman's performance but hopes Pershing Square will revert to its stronger historical returns, said chief investment officer Joelle Mevi.\
\
"We're not pleased with performance," Ms. Mevi said.\
\
Write to David Benoit at david.benoit@wsj.com and Juliet Chung at juliet.chung@wsj.com\
\
(END) Dow Jones Newswires\
\
November 05, 2017 07:00 ET (12:00 GMT)\
\
Document DJDN000020171105edb5000wz\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b Showdown Looms For  ADP , Ackman
\f1\b0 \
\
By David Benoit and Juliet Chung \
762 words\
6 November 2017\
The Wall Street Journal\
J\
B1\
English\
Copyright 2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. \
\

\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc. has spent the past several years trying to modernize its business. On Tuesday, shareholders will decide whether those moves are enough or if they want to allow one of Wall Street's most powerful and polarizing investors into the boardroom.\
\
Famed hedge-fund manager William Ackman is seeking a seat for himself and two others on 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's 10-person board, saying it has fallen behind hot technology companies that have made its human-resources industry user-friendly.\
\
Tuesday's vote is the first time Mr. Ackman has had to woo investor votes since his bad bet on Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. caused billions of dollars in losses at his hedge fund more than two years ago. A win -- or even a close vote -- for Mr. Ackman could be a reprieve and show that big investors believe he can help improve companies. A bad 
\f2\b loss
\f1\b0  could raise questions about his future.\
\
Mr. Ackman and his Pershing Square Capital Management have underperformed for nearly three years, largely because of a $4 billion 
\f2\b loss
\f1\b0  on Valeant. Its main fund has lost 24% since 2014, compared with a 33% climb in the S&P 500. The fund is roughly flat this year through October, while the S&P 500 is up 17%, including dividends.\
\
Mr. Ackman points instead to his long-term track record, saying Pershing Square has returned more than 500% since its January 2004 start, compared with the S&P 500's roughly 200%.\
\
The outcome of shareholder fights typically hinges on the specific idea on the table rather than an activist's past performance. But Mr. Ackman's counterpart, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  Chief Executive Carlos Rodriguez, has sought to pressure him by hammering his performance.\
\
Mr. Rodriguez said he is already transforming 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's technology, and the company's shares have outpaced returns of the S&P 500 since he became CEO in November 2011, performance that typically makes for a difficult activist target.\
\
The tension between Pershing Square and 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  is highlighted by an opinion of the biggest proxy adviser, Institutional Shareholders Services Inc. ISS said 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's board needs change and that Mr. Ackman is a strong candidate to improve performance -- but it stopped short of recommending that shareholders vote for him because he might introduce too much risk to the company. Both sides criticized ISS's opinion. ISS said it stands by the report.\
\
Several large shareholders, including one of 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's 10 biggest, said they would support the company in the vote, citing Mr. Rodriguez's track record. Still, some of those investors believe there is room to improve and expressed hope Mr. Ackman's presence would pressure management.\
\
One institutional investor supporting Mr. Ackman told The Wall Street Journal it believes more urgency is needed to combat technology-heavy rivals. Another proxy solicitor, Glass Lewis & Co., supported all three of his nominees.\
\
"This was a company that got no attention from its investors or the public," Mr. Ackman said in an interview. "As a result of our research and the proxy campaign, the shareholders and the company have a much better understanding of the massive opportunity to be unlocked and that is inherently a good thing."\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 , based in Roseland, N.J., has a stock-market value of about $51 billion, but it isn't used to a spotlight. It helps a wide range of companies handle repetitive HR functions like payroll and timekeeping, and 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  says one in every six U.S. workers benefits from its services. Still, it historically operated behind the scenes, dealing with corporate executives, not individual employees.\
\
Mr. Ackman argues 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  has fumbled its industry-leading size and position. Today, HR functions are moving into the hands of individual employees, driven by software-focused firms like Workday Inc. and Ultimate Software Group Inc. The activist says 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  is insular, stifles innovation and relies too heavily on people while software-heavy firms run lower-cost models.\
\
Mr. Ackman also said the company could boost its operating margins significantly more than it plans to, though both sides have alleged that the other manipulates numbers.\
\
Mr. Rodriguez acknowledges margins and technology need to improve. But he said moving at too fast a pace risks destabilizing the business.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  says Pershing Square's suggestion to increase margins would introduce risk for bigger customers by pushing them too fast, and since such clients only change providers roughly every 20 years, the pace needs to be careful.\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.djreprints.com/link/DJRFactiva.html?FACTIVA=WJCO20171106000097"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service}}\
\
Document J000000020171106edb60002g\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Billionaire investor Ackman loses bitter  ADP  proxy battle
\f1\b0 \
\
958 words\
8 November 2017\
03:30\
Reuters News\
LBA\
English\
Copyright 2017 Thomson Reuters. All Rights Reserved. \
\
ROSELAND, N.J. (Reuters) - William Ackman got what 
\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc's <
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 .O> chief executive called an "ass-whipping" on Tuesday as the activist hedge fund manager lost an acrimonious fight to win seats on the payroll company's board.\
\
It was the latest in a string of public defeats for Ackman, who raised $500 million from investors to take a stake in 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 . Some of Ackman's backers have told Reuters they are considering pulling their money from his funds.\
\
Fewer than 25 percent of votes were cast in favor of Ackman's slate of three directors looking to shake up the company in the proxy contest, which became a three-month-long showdown between the billionaire investor and 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  CEO Carlos Rodriguez.\
\
Ackman arrived at the company's annual shareholder meeting at its Roseland, New Jersey, headquarters looking relaxed. He helped himself to a pastry, then took a seat in the fourth row with his associates, a few feet away from an anxious-looking Rodriguez, seated alone.\
\
The mood changed after the vote tally was announced.\
\
Reading from prepared remarks, Ackman faulted the proxy voting system but accepted defeat. "We came in peace," he began, later shaking Rodriguez's hand.\
\
Rodriguez got in the last word. "This was an ass-whipping," he told Ackman and the assembled shareholders.\
\
BITTER BARBS\
\
Over the last few months, Ackman and 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  had traded increasingly bitter barbs through securities filings, television appearances, conference calls, webcasts and private meetings with investors.\
\
Ackman said management complacency had turned 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  into an inefficient corporate slugabed pushing outmoded products that even a top sales force could not sell. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  countered that Ackman brought no new ideas to the table, risked disrupting the company's steady path to growth and behaved like a "spoiled brat."\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's stock was up 0.8 percent at $112.17 in early trading after the vote results were announced.\
\
Ackman launched the 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  proxy contest as an underdog, taking aim at a company engaged in the unglamorous business of providing human resources technology and largely backed by Wall Street. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's share price has more than doubled under Rodriguez's tenure, and the company has posted relatively solid 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  growth.\
\
Ackman had asked 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  shareholders to approve his proposal to seat three new directors, including himself, and oust three others, including Chairman John Jones. He has also suggested Rodriguez is the wrong person for the job, and called for the departure of 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's technology chief, Stuart Sackman.\
\
INVESTOR UNREST\
\
Several of Ackman's Pershing Square investors who spoke to Reuters in the run-up to the 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  vote said the outcome would affect their confidence in his investment ability.\
\
Ackman, 51, made a name for himself during the 2007-2009 financial crisis with a public and aggressive bet against bond insurer MBIA Inc <MBI.N>. He has made similarly contentious investments in or against companies ranging from retailers Target Corp <TGT.N> and JC Penney Co Inc <JCP.N> to Canadian Pacific Railway Ltd <CP.TO>.\
\
Although the average annual returns for Pershing Square's core fund are 15 percent since its inception in 2004, Ackman racked up double-digit losses in 2015 and 2016 after a 37 percent gain in 2014.\
\
Bets on Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc <VRX.TO>, Herbalife Ltd <HLF.N> and more recently Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc <CMG.N> have all weighed on returns. So far this year, the fund is barely in the black, compared with a 15 percent rise in the S&P 500 Index and a roughly 6 percent gain for the average hedge fund.\
\
On Tuesday, Kevin Walkush, a portfolio manager at Jensen Investment Management, said the firm had cast about 1 million votes in favor of 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  management, and has since sold some shares based on their rising value.\
\
Walkush said Ackman deserved credit for pushing 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  to disclose more details on its margins and other areas. But the portfolio manager said the company\'92 strategy was sound as it revamps its sales force and migrates to the cloud.\
\
\'93e seemed late to the party,\'94alkush said of Ackman. \'93is expectations to us seemed unrealistic.\'94\
\
MORE AGITATING\
\
Among major investors, spokespeople for Vanguard Group and State Street Corp <STT.N> declined to comment on how they voted their 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  shares. A person familiar with the vote said funds run by BlackRock Inc <BLK.N> supported at least one of Ackman\'92 nominees.\
\
Ackman's Pershing Square owns almost 2 percent of 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 's common shares, making it the seventh-largest voting shareholder, according to Thomson Reuters data. When counting unexercised options, the value of the stake is roughly $2.3 billion.\
\
After the meeting, Ackman said he was disappointed but felt he had accomplished a lot. He has said he will continue agitating for change.\
\
"The company, in order to win, made a number of very significant commitments to shareholders about growth," he said. "If they achieve those objectives and they exceed them, then I think shareholders will be happy, the stock will go up. If they don\'92, we\'92l be back next year."\
\
Rodriguez played down Ackman's influence and said he was insulted by how Ackman had characterized 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  and its employees. Despite having little knowledge of the company, he was able to get media attention with his remarks, the CEO told Reuters.\
\
"This is all about who had the best narrative, who has the best hair," Rodriguez said.\
\
(Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt in Roseland, New Jersey; Additional reporting by Ross Kerber and Svea Herbst in Boston; Writing by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Bill Rigby and Colleen Jenkins) \
\
Released: 2017-11-7T19:30:08.000Z\
\
Document LBA0000020171107edb700ent\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  Boss Taunts Ackman: This Was a \'91hooping\'92
\f1\b0 \
\
1,091 words\
7 November 2017\
21:40\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9017, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. \
\
ROSELAND, N.J.\'97William Ackman lost his bid for three seats on the board of 
\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc., a resounding rebuke of the struggling activist investor as shareholders sided with management at the human-resources software company.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  investors on Tuesday re-elected the entire 10-person board at its annual meeting, capping a battle between management and Mr. Ackman that was particularly acrimonious and colorful\'97ven by typical proxy-fight standards.\
\
Mr. Ackman, who according to 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  won less than 25% of the shares that were voted, said he got \'93 very significant amount of shareholder support.\'94ut 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  Chief Executive Carlos Rodriguez disagreed, closing the meeting with a parting shot from the stage.\
\
\'93ill\'85espite your characterization of the result as close, what I was told was this was an \'91ss-whooping,\'92\'94e said.\
\
The fight between Mr. Ackman and 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  was nasty from the very start. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  in August announced Mr. Ackman\'92 Pershing Square Capital Management LP had built a stake, a release that pre-empted the activist investor\'92 own disclosures. And it rejected his initial demands on a morning Mr. Ackman said he was headed for vacation. Mr. Rodriguez, in a TV interview later in August, called him a \'93poiled brat.\'94\
\
The barbs continued from there, all the way through Tuesday. In an interview after the vote, Mr. Rodriguez stayed on the offensive. He admitted he had lost his cool with his closing comment, but he said Mr. Ackman\'92 campaign had been insulting to his employees and he rejected the idea that management was under any more pressure than normal.\
\
\'93rankly, what Pershing Square and Bill Ackman have to say are a very small part of the pressure on my day-to-day life,\'94r. Rodriguez said. \'93es, this battle\'92 over. We won.\'94\
\
Mr. Ackman said it wasn\'92 over and that the CEO\'92 comment wasn\'92 respectful of shareholders of 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 , a $50 billion company that helps businesses handle repetitive HR functions like payroll and timekeeping.\
\
\'93e are going to hold them accountable,\'94r. Ackman said, raising the likelihood of further tension, particularly if 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  slips at all with the promises it made. \'93e are rooting for 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 .\'94\
\
He said he would be judged as an investor on the stock performance, not on whether he won this proxy fight. Pershing Square holds about 2% of the common stock and derivatives that would bring the stake to about 8%.\
\
Still, for Mr. Ackman, the magnitude of Tuesday\'92 
\f2\b loss
\f1\b0  raises new questions about his ability to win support during a period of turmoil for his fund, which has struggled in recent years and suffered a $4 billion 
\f2\b loss
\f1\b0  after a bad bet on Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc.\
\
Mr. Ackman\'92 Pershing Square has underperformed for nearly three years, largely because of the bruising 
\f2\b loss
\f1\b0  on Valeant. Its main fund has lost 24% since 2014, compared with a one-third climb in the S&P 500. The fund is roughly flat this year through October, while the S&P 500 rose 17%, including dividends. He also recently restructured his five-year bet against Herbalife Ltd., limiting potential losses as his position had continued to lose money.\
\
Mr. Ackman points instead to his long-term record, saying Pershing Square has returned more than 500% since its January 2004 start, compared with the S&P 500\'92 roughly 200%.\
\
In Tuesday\'92 vote, large 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  shareholders Vanguard Group and State Street Global Advisors threw their weight behind the company, according to people familiar with the matter. But BlackRock Inc., 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 \'92 second-biggest investor, voted its shares in favor of Mr. Ackman, a key vote of confidence for him, the people said.\
\
Mr. Ackman\'92 defeat Tuesday was worse than in a typical proxy fight where the activist lost, according to Proxy Insight. The margin between Mr. Ackman and the closest 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  director was greater than 30 percentage points, compared with an average management win of 23 percentage points in six similar votes this year.\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  is the third major company this year to beat back an activist, along with General Motors Co. and Procter & Gamble Co., although P&G\'92 result last month was so close that it is in dispute. While activists have continued to shake up corporate giants through brokered settlements, the companies have won high-profile fights at the polls, reaffirming to some that a firm whose stock hasn\'92 plunged and which has a set plan to improve can win some time with shareholders.\
\
In the 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  fight, Mr. Ackman had said the company fell behind technology-heavy startups and needed to improve its margins. Mr. Rodriguez countered that 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  was already improving technology and was on a path to increase margins.\
\
From the start, 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  sought to put Mr. Ackman on the defensive, with advisers and Mr. Rodriguez confident its past performance and narrative would deflect a shareholder he called \'93he loudest voice in the room.\'94\
\

\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 \'92 stock has performed well compared with the S&P 500 during Mr. Rodriguez\'92 tenure and rose 1.3% to $112.75 Tuesday.\
\
The two sides even argued about the final tally of votes, a dispute that echoed several earlier dust-ups the companies had over numbers. Mr. Ackman said the tally was closer than it appeared, citing that he won about 81 million votes while 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  director Eric Fast, who received the lowest tally among sitting board members, had gotten about 183 million. If the contest was just between those two, Mr. Ackman said, he would only have lost 69% to 31%. A total of about 326 million shares were cast in the election.\
\
Even Mr. Ackman\'92 efforts to address the meeting didn\'92 go smoothly. He sat in the middle of the pack in the meeting in the basement at 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 \'92 headquarters and was offered a chance to comment toward the start of the meeting. He stood up and said he had hoped to speak at the end instead. He was told no. He said he was \'93elighted to be here\'94nd sat down.\
\
At the end of the meeting, the sides quickly debated before he was given a chance to speak, with Mr. Rodriguez winning a laugh by forcing Mr. Ackman to form his remark as a question in order to follow meeting procedures.\
\
Write to David Benoit at david.benoit@wsj.com\
\
(END) Dow Jones Newswires\
\
November 07, 2017 08:40 ET (13:40 GMT)\
\
Document DJDN000020171107edb7002qn\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP : Is Ackman's  Loss  a Win? -- Barron's Blog
\f1\b0 \
\
By Ben Levisohn \
343 words\
15 November 2017\
02:35\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9017, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. \
\
Pershing Square's Bill Ackman lost his proxy battle with 
\f2\b AutomaticData Processing
\f1\b0  ( 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) but some good still may have come from the fight.\
\
That's how Morgan Stanley analyst Danyal Hussain and team see it, at least. They resumed their coverage 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  with a Market Perform rating this morning. The analysts had suspended their Underperform rating when Morgan Stanley ( MS) was hired by 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  to help fend off Pershing, so this is something of an upgrade. And one that we might question the timing of since, well, Morgan Stanley was the one helping 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  argue that it didn't need to make any changes. But Hussain and team do have some good reasons for why they think the proxy contest might help 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  in the long run--and for their higher rating. Here's a sample:\
\
We think the proxy contest and victory introduce a few new psychological elements worth considering. 1) Management is clearly motivated to deliver as strong a year as possible, to prove shareholders right and diminish the chance of a follow-up proxy contest; 2) coming out of a "crisis" like this builds unity and likely aligns internal constituents in a way that can help expedite any current product and cost initiatives, and 3) individual senior leaders that Pershing Square suggested should be replaced will likely be particularly motivated to prove critics wrong.\
\
And with some high-profile money-losing bets still in his portfolio-- Chipotle Mexican Grill ( CMG) and his now options-only bet against Herbalife ( HLF) come to mind--that would be good news for Ackman too.\
\
Shares of 
\f2\b Automatic Data
\f1\b0  Processing have dipped 0.1% to $111.47 at 1:29 p.m. today, while Chipotle Mexican Grill has risen 0.9% to $280.02, and Herbalife has advanced 0.2% to $64.97. \
\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf0 \
 \
 More at Barron's Focus on Funds blog, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.barrons.com/focus-on-funds"}}{\fldrslt 
\f4 \cf2 http://www.barrons.com/focus-on-funds}}
\f4 \
\

\f3 (END) Dow Jones Newswires
\f4 \
\

\f3 November 14, 2017 13:35 ET (18:35 GMT)
\f4 \
\
Document DJDN000020171114edbe0034b\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  Buys Contingent Workforce Management Firm -- Market Talk
\f1\b0 \
\
1,427 words\
23 January 2018\
03:14\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9018, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. \
\
1414 ET - 
\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  acquires WorkMarket for an undisclosed amount. The deal gives 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  an entry into the market for software that helps companies find, manage and pay contingent workers such as independent contractors. That market has grown as employers experiment with on-demand labor and other contingent models of work. WorkMarket was founded in 2010 as a solution aimed at enterprise clients that hire a large volume of contingents. It has lately developed ambitions to manage clients' entire workforces, including full-time employees. WorkMarket's early investors included Union Square Ventures and Spark Capital, and last spring it raised $25M from Accenture Ventures. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  shares rise 0.5% to $122.05. (lauren.weber@wsj.com; @laurenweberWSJ)\
\
1411 ET - Entergy will build a huge new natural-gas-fired power plant near Lake Charles, La, a hub for the petrochemical and refining industry which is growing by leaps and bounds near the Gulf Coast. The plant will likely burn gas pumped in the nearby Haynesville Shale, which is experiencing a renaissance as drillers race back in to serve the Louisiana industrial complex build out where dozens of petrochemical-related projects are under way. The power plant, located near the $11B Sasol chemical complex, will generate nearly 1000 megawatts and cost just under $900M to construct. It's due online in 2020. (lynn.cook@wsj.com; @LynnJCook)\
\
1402 ET - Energy companies with foreign 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  will take some tax hits for 4Q 2017, according to Bernstein Research. Foreign 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  from the upstream exploration and production portion of the oil & gas sector will only be taxed locally--great news for outfits with operations in low-tax countries that previously paid a 35% rate less any foreign taxes paid. But there is a wrinkle for an industry famous for its ability to generate losses: net operating losses can only offset up to 80% of taxable 
\f2\b income
\f1\b0  and can no longer be carried back, but can be carried forward indefinitely. The net impact is that net operating losses will take longer to get used, which is a negative for some energy outfits. (lynn.cook@wsj.com; LynnJCook)\
\
1352 ET - The funding bill to reopen the federal government includes another suspension of the medical-device tax. The bill would suspend the 2.3% excise tax on sales of medical devices such as pacemakers and artificial knees for 2018 and 2019, retroactive to Jan 1, according to spokesman for industry trade group Advamed. The tax was part of the 2010 Affordable Care Act, but had been suspended for 2016 and 2017. It came back into force Jan. 1, but device makers including Becton, Dickinson (BDX) and Stryker (SYK) lobbied Congress for another suspension or repeal before their first payments were due. "The concern that Congress would not get this done, thereby putting device company estimates at risk, will be lifted," JP Morgan tells clients. House and Senate votes to clinch the deal are expected later today. (peter.loftus@wsj.com; @Loftus)\
\
1238 ET - Lowering the corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% is a positive development for energy companies, but since most onshore shale operators haven't made money, they haven't had much of a cash tax burden to begin with, according to Bob Brackett at Bernstein Research. The Corporate alternative minimum tax was repealed and, in many cases, the AMT was the only reason that exploration and production companies paid cash taxes. Outfits with significant AMT credits in 2016 include EOG, Cabot Oil & Gas and Southwestern Energy. The repeal of the AMT means most E&Ps are unlikely to pay cash taxes for the foreseeable future. Another bright spot: the tax overhaul ushers in 100% bonus depreciation, which means essentially a company's entire capital budget can be expensed. In the past roughly 85% could be, according to Bernstein. (lynn.cook@wsj.com; @LynnJCook)\
\
1236 ET - If electric vehicles take off by the next decade, global oil demand could peak by 2030, according to analysts at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. "Electric vehicles present an alternative to oil-fired cars, which we think will likely start to erode the last major bastion of oil demand growth," the analysts wrote in a note. The analysts expect electric cars to comprise 40% of total sales by 2030, rising to 95% of sales by 2050. "The only major sector that should continue to grow its oil demand long term is petrochemicals," the analysts argue. (christopher.alessi@wsj.com)\
\
1225 ET - US stocks extend gains after Senator Chuck Schumer says the Senate has reached a deal to end the government shutdown. The S&P 500 rises 0.5% to 2823, hitting its session high, while the Nasdaq Composite adds 0.7%. The dollar is paring losses, with the WSJ Dollar Index--a measure of the dollar against a basket of 16 currencies--recently down less than 0.1%. (akane.otani@wsj.com; @akaneotani)\
\
1217 ET - The iPhone X was the least popular of the trio of new devices Apple sold in the US during the December quarter, according to a survey of buyers by Consumer Intelligence Research Partners. The firm, which surveyed 500 customers who bought an iPhone, iPad or Mac in the quarter, estimates that the iPhone 8 accounted for 24% of sales, the iPhone 8 Plus for 17% and iPhone X for 20%. The 61% combined total compared with the 72% share of sales it estimated the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus combined for in the same period last year. Many analysts have speculated that the high price of the X, which started at $999, dampened demand. (tripp.mickle@wsj.com)\
\
1203 ET - General Electric stock hasn't been in a similar tailspin since 2008, says Melius Research, when recession, panic and credit markets brought the conglomerate to its knees. Despite a buy recommendation, Melius is critical of GE, especially prior management, and is pushing for more transparency around the company's assets and divestiture plans because "shareholders have a right to know what they are buying." GE has "missed all of its early promises to shareholders" amid a broader market boom. "If they fix it we have a solid $10 of upside, if they don't, maybe it's $2 of downside," said the firm's Scott Davis. "Nothing in my coverage comes close to that." (thomas.gryta@wsj.com; @tgryta)\
\
1150 ET - Shares of automotive steel supplier AK Steel Holding fell more than 4% after an accident this weekend at one of its plants. The company said an equipment malfunction released molten steel in its Middletown Works melt shop on Saturday, forcing it to suspend production for "approximately 8-10 days." AK Steel said it would boost output at two other factories' melt shops, avoiding "any material impact on shipments to our contract customers," including auto makers. But the outage at what the company describes as "the nation's most productive integrated steel operation," in Middletown will reduce sales to the spot market for commodity grade steel, it said. (chester.dawson@wsj.com; @DecodeTheFirm)\
\
1149 ET - How much is at stake for Canada at Nafta talks taking place in Montreal this week? Conference Board of Canada, a nonpartisan think tank, says the end of Nafta would mean higher prices for Canadian households; another hit to Canadian competitiveness, already struggling against the US and Mexico; and weaker demand from the US. Canada would also lose its allure as an attractive destination for foreign capital. This would happen "very quickly," think-tank's economists say, warning "economic growth and job growth would slow and might even go negative for a short time." Further details on the negative impact of a Nafta dissolution will be forthcoming the group says. (paul.vieira@wsj.com; @paulvieira)\
\
1142 ET - The government shutdown hasn't actually shut down work on advancing a series of Trump administration nominees to lead federal financial regulators. "Business as usual for us," says Mandi Critchfield, a spokeswoman for the Senate Banking Committee, which is still planning to hold a nomination hearing for three of President Donald Trump's picks on Tuesday. They include: Jelena McWilliams, tapped to head the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp; Marvin Goodfriend, nominated for a vacancy at the Federal Reserve; and Thomas E. Workman, tapped for a seat on the Financial Stability Oversight Council. (andrew.ackerman@wsj.com; @amacker)\
\
(END) Dow Jones Newswires\
\
January 22, 2018 14:14 ET (19:14 GMT)\
\
Document DJDN000020180122ee1m0039g\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b Global Equities Roundup: Market Talk
\f1\b0 \
\
1,487 words\
23 January 2018\
03:14\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9018, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. \
\
The latest Market Talks covering Equities. Published exclusively on Dow Jones Newswires throughout the day.\
\
1414 ET - 
\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  acquires WorkMarket for an undisclosed amount. The deal gives 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  an entry into the market for software that helps companies find, manage and pay contingent workers such as independent contractors. That market has grown as employers experiment with on-demand labor and other contingent models of work. WorkMarket was founded in 2010 as a solution aimed at enterprise clients that hire a large volume of contingents. It has lately developed ambitions to manage clients' entire workforces, including full-time employees. WorkMarket's early investors included Union Square Ventures and Spark Capital, and last spring it raised $25M from Accenture Ventures. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  shares rise 0.5% to $122.05. (lauren.weber@wsj.com; @laurenweberWSJ)\
\
1411 ET - Entergy will build a huge new natural-gas-fired power plant near Lake Charles, La, a hub for the petrochemical and refining industry which is growing by leaps and bounds near the Gulf Coast. The plant will likely burn gas pumped in the nearby Haynesville Shale, which is experiencing a renaissance as drillers race back in to serve the Louisiana industrial complex build out where dozens of petrochemical-related projects are under way. The power plant, located near the $11B Sasol chemical complex, will generate nearly 1000 megawatts and cost just under $900M to construct. It's due online in 2020. (lynn.cook@wsj.com; @LynnJCook)\
\
1402 ET - Energy companies with foreign 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  will take some tax hits for 4Q 2017, according to Bernstein Research. Foreign 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  from the upstream exploration and production portion of the oil & gas sector will only be taxed locally--great news for outfits with operations in low-tax countries that previously paid a 35% rate less any foreign taxes paid. But there is a wrinkle for an industry famous for its ability to generate losses: net operating losses can only offset up to 80% of taxable 
\f2\b income
\f1\b0  and can no longer be carried back, but can be carried forward indefinitely. The net impact is that net operating losses will take longer to get used, which is a negative for some energy outfits. (lynn.cook@wsj.com; LynnJCook)\
\
1357 ET - Brazilians could end up electing a jailed leader in the first presidential elections since the epic Car Wash graft probe started to arrest powerful politicians and businessmen. That extreme scenario would become more likely if, as expected, an appeals court later this week upholds a decade-long sentence against former President Lula for corruption, an accusation he denies. Lula is leading initial polls ahead of the October vote. But despite the political tension, markets remained calm today. The currency was trading at 3.21 per dollar, versus 3.20 on Friday, and the iBovespa stock index was up 0.2%. (paulo.trevisani@wsj.com; @ptrevisani)\
\
1352 ET - The funding bill to reopen the federal government includes another suspension of the medical-device tax. The bill would suspend the 2.3% excise tax on sales of medical devices such as pacemakers and artificial knees for 2018 and 2019, retroactive to Jan 1, according to spokesman for industry trade group Advamed. The tax was part of the 2010 Affordable Care Act, but had been suspended for 2016 and 2017. It came back into force Jan. 1, but device makers including Becton, Dickinson (BDX) and Stryker (SYK) lobbied Congress for another suspension or repeal before their first payments were due. "The concern that Congress would not get this done, thereby putting device company estimates at risk, will be lifted," JP Morgan tells clients. House and Senate votes to clinch the deal are expected later today. (peter.loftus@wsj.com; @Loftus)\
\
1238 ET - Lowering the corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% is a positive development for energy companies, but since most onshore shale operators haven't made money, they haven't had much of a cash tax burden to begin with, according to Bob Brackett at Bernstein Research. The Corporate alternative minimum tax was repealed and, in many cases, the AMT was the only reason that exploration and production companies paid cash taxes. Outfits with significant AMT credits in 2016 include EOG, Cabot Oil & Gas and Southwestern Energy. The repeal of the AMT means most E&Ps are unlikely to pay cash taxes for the foreseeable future. Another bright spot: the tax overhaul ushers in 100% bonus depreciation, which means essentially a company's entire capital budget can be expensed. In the past roughly 85% could be, according to Bernstein. (lynn.cook@wsj.com; @LynnJCook)\
\
1234 ET - The Stoxx Europe 600 closes up 0.3%, or 1.23 points, at 402.11 as UK-listed stocks help the pan-European index resist downward pressure from gains in the euro against the dollar. Ocado Group PLC gains 27% after securing another contract for its retail technology, while gains for Barclays PLC and Dixons Carphone PLC also provide support. Book-maker William Hill PLC is the biggest loser, down 11% after reports that a UK government gaming review will be negative for the industry. All major European indices end the session in positive territory apart from the FTSE 100, which falls 15 points or 0.2%. (philip.waller@wsj.com)\
\
1225 ET - US stocks extend gains after Senator Chuck Schumer says the Senate has reached a deal to end the government shutdown. The S&P 500 rises 0.5% to 2823, hitting its session high, while the Nasdaq Composite adds 0.7%. The dollar is paring losses, with the WSJ Dollar Index--a measure of the dollar against a basket of 16 currencies--recently down less than 0.1%. (akane.otani@wsj.com; @akaneotani)\
\
1224 ET - The FTSE 100 Index closes down 0.2%, or 15.35 points at 7715.44 as a strong pound against the dollar offsets gains for the likes of Barclays PLC and NMC Health PLC. Sterling gains 0.7% to $1.3950 and the euro gains 0.17% to $1.2241. "The main driver remained the US government shutdown, with the already soft dollar giving back a bit more to the pound and euro," says Connor Campbell at Spreadex. Barclays gains 4.3% on reports of a $1B stake purchase by Tiger Global. NMC Health is up 2.4% after making two acquisitions. Shares in RELX PLC, a business publisher formerly known as Reed Elsevier PLC, falls more than 2% after a gain of more than 1% on Friday following upbeat analyst comments. (philip.waller@wsj.com)\
\
1217 ET - The iPhone X was the least popular of the trio of new devices Apple sold in the US during the December quarter, according to a survey of buyers by Consumer Intelligence Research Partners. The firm, which surveyed 500 customers who bought an iPhone, iPad or Mac in the quarter, estimates that the iPhone 8 accounted for 24% of sales, the iPhone 8 Plus for 17% and iPhone X for 20%. The 61% combined total compared with the 72% share of sales it estimated the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus combined for in the same period last year. Many analysts have speculated that the high price of the X, which started at $999, dampened demand. (tripp.mickle@wsj.com)\
\
1206 ET - Shares in Dixons Carphone PLC gain nearly 7% to 201 pence after its Christmas trading update, though things may not be as good as they look, says spread-betting firm IG. Dixons reported a 4% rise in year-on-year revenue, but gross margins in UK mobile remained under pressure and UK electrical margins declined. "The squeeze on margins should worry investors, while another sour point was the weaker post-Christmas demand. Overall it looks like there were a few eager short-sellers caught out by today's news," says IG's Chris Beauchamp. He adds that, "It will take more than this to reverse a downward move that has been relentless since the beginning of 2016." (philip.waller@wsj.com)\
\
1203 ET - General Electric stock hasn't been in a similar tailspin since 2008, says Melius Research, when recession, panic and credit markets brought the conglomerate to its knees. Despite a buy recommendation, Melius is critical of GE, especially prior management, and is pushing for more transparency around the company's assets and divestiture plans because "shareholders have a right to know what they are buying." GE has "missed all of its early promises to shareholders" amid a broader market boom. "If they fix it we have a solid $10 of upside, if they don't, maybe it's $2 of downside," said the firm's Scott Davis. "Nothing in my coverage comes close to that." (thomas.gryta@wsj.com; @tgryta)\
\
(END) Dow Jones Newswires\
\
January 22, 2018 14:14 ET (19:14 GMT)\
\
Document DJDN000020180122ee1m003c6\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  Shares Jump 3% After  Earnings  Top Estimates, Company Raises Outlook -- MarketWatch
\f1\b0 \
\
198 words\
31 January 2018\
23:19\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9018, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. \
\
Shares of 
\f2\b Automatic Data Processing
\f1\b0  Inc. (
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 ) jumped 3% Wednesday, after the payment processor and HR services company posted better-than-expected 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  for its fiscal second quarter and raised its guidance. 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  said it had net 
\f2\b income
\f1\b0  of $467.5 million, or $1.05 a share, in the quarter, down from $510.9 million, or $1.13 a share, in the year-earlier period. Adjusted per-share 
\f2\b earnings
\f1\b0  came to 99 cents, ahead of the FactSet consensus of 90 cents. Revenue rose to $3.235 billion from $2.987 billion, squeaking ahead of the FactSet consensus of $3.185 billion. The company said it now expects full fiscal-year revenue growth of 7% to 8%, up from a prior forecast of 6% to 8%. it expects full-year 
\f2\b EPS
\f1\b0  growth of 12% to 13%, up from a prior forecast of down 1% to up 1%. Shares have gained 23% in the last 12 months, while the S&P 500 has gained 24%.\
\
-Ciara Linnane\
\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf0 \
 For more from MarketWatch: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.marketwatch.com/newsviewer"}}{\fldrslt 
\f4 \cf2 http://www.marketwatch.com/newsviewer}}
\f4 \
\

\f3 (END) Dow Jones Newswires
\f4 \
\

\f3 January 31, 2018 10:19 ET (15:19 GMT)
\f4 \
\
Document DJDN000020180131ee1v002px\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \page \
\
\

\f2\b  Automatic Data Processing 's CEO Carlos Rodriguez on Q2 2018 Results --  Earnings  Call Transcript >ADP
\f1\b0 \
\
50 words\
1 February 2018\
04:00\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9018, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. \
\
From Seeking Alpha: 
\f2\b AutomaticData Processing
\f1\b0 's CEO Carlos Rodriguez on Q2 2018 Results -- 
\f2\b Earnings
\f1\b0  Call Transcript {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://seekingalpha.com/a/2grvm?p=djnw"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://seekingalpha.com/a/2grvm?p=djnw}}\
\
(END) Dow Jones Newswires\
\
January 31, 2018 15:00 ET (20:00 GMT)\
\
Document DJDN000020180131ee1v003k4\
\page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  Offers 6% of Workforce Early Retirement > ADP 
\f1\b0 \
\
By Imani Moise \
323 words\
2 March 2018\
02:16\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9018, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. \
\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf0 \
\

\f3 Human Resources software company 
\f5\b Automatic Data Processing
\f3\b0  Inc. (
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 ) said Thursday that it has offered roughly 6% of its workforce the opportunity to retire early to reduce payroll expenses.
\f4 \
\
The company made the offer to about 3,500 employees age 55 or older with at least 10 years of service to the company. If 35% of those employees accept, the ADP estimates annual savings of about $125 million.\
\
The company also expects to incur about $250 million in charges through the end of 2019, assuming 35% of eligible employees opt into the program. Everyone who participates in the program is anticipated to retire by March 2019.\
\
Shares edged 0.9% lower to $114.27 during midday trading. The stock has risen 9.3% over the past year while the S&P 500 has gained 13%.\
\
Write to Imani Moise at imani.moise@wsj.com\
\
1 Mar 2018 16:48 ET  VMware Tops Sales, Profit Views -- Earnings Review\
\

\f3 \
 \
   By Imani Moise \
 
\f4 \
\

\f3 Software maker VMware Inc. reported fourth-quarter 
\f5\b earnings
\f3\b0  after the closing bell Thursday. Here's what you need to know:
\f4 \
\

\f5\b EARNINGS
\f3\b0 : A $970 million charge related to the new tax laws caused the company to swing to a 
\f5\b loss
\f3\b0 , but 
\f5\b earnings
\f3\b0  grew 18% to $1.68 per share on an adjusted basis. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters had forecast 
\f5\b earnings
\f3\b0  of $1.62 a share.
\f4 \
\

\f3 REVENUE: Sales jumped 14% to $2.31 billion driven by a 20% increase in license revenue. Analysts had forecast $2.26 billion in revenue.
\f4 \
\

\f3 STOCK MOVE: Shares fell 1.3% to $121 in the extended session adding to the 6.1% decline logged during Thursday trading. The stock has risen 36% over the past year while the S&P 500 has gained 12%.
\f4 \
\

\f3 Write to Imani Moise at imani.moise@wsj.com
\f4 \
\

\f3 (END) Dow Jones Newswires
\f4 \
\

\f3 March 01, 2018 16:48 ET (21:48 GMT)
\f4 \
\
Document DJDN000020180301ee31003og\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  Increases  Profit  Guidance for Year --  Earnings  Review
\f1\b0 \
\
By Allison Prang \
323 words\
2 May 2018\
19:54\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9018, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. \
\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf0 \
\

\f5\b Automatic Data Processing
\f3\b0  Inc. (
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 ) released its 
\f5\b earnings
\f3\b0  results for its third quarter Wednesday before the market opened. Here's what you need to know.
\f4 \
\
PROFIT: ADP made $643.1 million, or $1.45 a share, up 9.4% from $587.9 million, or $1.31 a share during the same period the year before. On an adjusted basis, ADP made $675.9 million, or $1.52 a share, up 15% from $588.3 million, or $1.31 a share. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters were expecting adjusted earnings of $1.44 a share.\
\
REVENUE: Revenue rose 8.3% to $3.69 billion. PEO services revenue rose 9.9% to $1.07 billion and employer services revenue rose 6.7% to $2.8 billion. Analysts were expecting revenue of $3.67 billion.\
\
EXPENSES: Expenses rose 10% to $2.85 billion.\
\
NEW BUSINESS BOOKINGS: ADP said new business bookings increased 9% compared to a 7% decline for the same quarter the year before.\
\
GUIDANCE: ADP said it expects earnings for the year to rise between 11% and 12%. It had been expecting earnings to be up between 8% and 9%. On an adjusted basis, it expects earnings to rise between 16% and 17%. It had previously expected adjusted earnings to increase between 12 and 13%. It is still expecting revenue to climb between 7% and 8%. ADP also said it expects its adjusted EBIT margin to be around flat. It had previously anticipated it falling 50 basis points. The company also expects new business bookings to increase between 6% and 7%. It had been expecting them to be up between 5% and 7%.\
\
Shares rose 2.7% premarket on low volume. In the past 12 months, they've climbed 14%.\
\
Write to Allison Prang at allison.prang@wsj.com\
\
(END) Dow Jones Newswires\
\
May 02, 2018 07:54 ET (11:54 GMT)\
\
Document DJDN000020180502ee52001i9\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \page \
\
\

\f2\b *Activist Funds D.E. Shaw, Sachem Head Build Small Stakes in  Automatic Data Processing  -- Sources
\f1\b0 \
\
987 words\
16 May 2018\
03:11\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9018, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. \
\
15 May 2018 15:11 ET *D.E. Shaw, Sachem Head Haven't Decided Whether to Push for Change at 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  -- Sources\
\
15 May 2018 15:11 ET *D.E. Shaw and Sachem Head Aren't Working Together in 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  -- Sources\
\
15 May 2018 15:11 ET  Two More Activist Funds Build Stakes in 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf0 \
By Cara Lombardo and David Benoit 
\f4 \
\

\f3 Two activist hedge funds have built small stakes in 
\f5\b Automatic Data
\f3\b0  Processing Inc., according to people familiar with the matter, adding pressure to the payroll-processing firm as it tries to jumpstart growth.
\f4 \
\

\f3 The two investors, D.E. Shaw Group and Sachem Head Capital Management, haven't decided whether they would try to push for changes at the company, the people said, but they have met separately with 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 's management and are closely tracking its performance. 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  earlier this month increased its revenue guidance for its fiscal year, which ends June 30, and its shares are up about 8% so far this year. The size of two firms' stakes is unclear.
\f4 \
\

\f3 D.E. Shaw and Sachem Head, which aren't working together, built their 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  stakes ahead of a key meeting for the company next month. The Roseland, N.J., company plans to hold an analyst day in mid-June, where it is expected to detail its plans for new growth.
\f4 \
\

\f3 The two investment firms join William Ackman, another activist investor, as investors in 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 . Last year, Mr. Ackman's Pershing Square Capital Management LP, which owns about 7.2% of 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 , including derivatives, lost a proxy fight by a wide margin for three 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  board seats. Mr. Ackman had argued the company fell behind technology-focused startups and needed to improve its margins, which 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  insisted it was already doing.
\f4 \
\

\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  is Pershing Square's largest investment. Mr. Ackman and Pershing Square analyst Charles Korn said on Pershing Square's 
\f5\b earnings
\f3\b0  call Tuesday that 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  accelerated its bookings and did a better job retaining business in its latest quarter and stands to benefit from the tax-law overhaul, an accounting rule change and rising interest rates. Pershing Square bought the 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  stock about 10 months ago at an average cost of about $104, Mr. Ackman said, and it has risen 22% to $126.68.
\f4 \
\

\f3 Other activist hedge funds also have looked at 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  recently, as some believe Pershing Square had the right ideas but misstepped in the proxy fight, the people said, but those funds so far haven't gotten involved.
\f4 \
\

\f3 Sachem Head was founded by Scott Ferguson, who previously worked at Pershing Square. D.E. Shaw, which has historically focused on computer-driven quantitative trading, has only recently started to dabble in activism. Earlier this year, it shook up the board at Lowe's Cos.
\f4 \
\

\f3 15 May 2018 17:34 ET \
Two More Activist Funds Build Stakes in 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 --Update
\f4 \
\

\f3 \
By Cara Lombardo and David Benoit 
\f4 \
\

\f3 Two activist hedge funds have built small stakes in 
\f5\b Automatic Data
\f3\b0  Processing Inc., adding pressure to the payroll-processing firm as it tries to jump-start growth.
\f4 \
\

\f3 The two investors, D.E. Shaw Group and Sachem Head Capital Management, haven't decided whether they would try to push for changes at the company, according to people familiar with the matter, but they have met separately with 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 's management and are closely tracking its performance. 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  earlier this month increased its revenue forecast for its fiscal year, which ends June 30, and its shares are up about 8% so far this year.
\f4 \
\

\f3 The Wall Street Journal had reported Tuesday afternoon that the firms had built stakes. Both disclosed in filings after markets closed Tuesday that they owned about 0.4% stakes as of the end of March, worth around $250 million. The quarterly filings are required for large money managers, but don't include derivatives.
\f4 \
\

\f3 D.E. Shaw and Sachem Head, which aren't working together, built their 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  stakes ahead of a key meeting for the company next month. The Roseland, N.J., company plans to hold an analyst day in mid-June, where it is expected to detail its plans for new growth.
\f4 \
\

\f3 The two investment firms join William Ackman, another activist investor, as investors in 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 . Last year, Mr. Ackman's Pershing Square Capital Management LP, which owns about 7.2% of 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 , including derivatives, lost a proxy fight by a wide margin for three 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  board seats. Mr. Ackman had argued the company fell behind technology-focused startups and needed to improve its margins, which 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  insisted it was already doing.
\f4 \
\

\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  is Pershing Square's largest investment. Mr. Ackman and Pershing Square analyst Charles Korn said on Pershing Square's 
\f5\b earnings
\f3\b0  call Tuesday that 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  accelerated its bookings and did a better job retaining business in its latest quarter and stands to benefit from the tax-law overhaul, an accounting rule change and rising interest rates. Pershing Square bought the 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  stock about 10 months ago at an average cost of about $104, Mr. Ackman said. Shares have risen 22%, closing Tuesday at $127.08.
\f4 \
\

\f3 Shares of 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  closed up 0.3% to $127.07 after The Wall Street Journal first reported the new investors Tuesday.
\f4 \
\

\f3 Other activist hedge funds also have looked at 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  recently, as some believe Pershing Square had the right ideas but misstepped in the proxy fight, the people said, but those funds so far haven't gotten involved.
\f4 \
\

\f3 Sachem Head was founded by Scott Ferguson, who previously worked at Pershing Square. D.E. Shaw, which has historically focused on computer-driven quantitative trading, has only recently started to dabble in activism. Earlier this year, it shook up the board at Lowe's Cos.
\f4 \
\

\f3 Write to Cara Lombardo at cara.lombardo@wsj.com and David Benoit at david.benoit@wsj.com
\f4 \
\

\f3 (END) Dow Jones Newswires
\f4 \
\

\f3 May 15, 2018 17:34 ET (21:34 GMT)
\f4 \
\
Document DJDN000020180515ee5f003ni\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \page \
\
\

\f2\b  ADP  CFO Jan Siegmund Plans to Leave Company
\f1\b0 \
\
By Bowdeya Tweh \
695 words\
13 June 2018\
00:20\
Dow Jones Institutional News\
DJDN\
English\
Copyright \'a9018, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. \
\

\f2\b AutomaticData Processing
\f1\b0  Inc.'s finance chief, Jan Siegmund, plans to resign from his post, the payroll-processing company said Tuesday.\
\
The announcement, disclosed in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing, comes after the company completed a meeting with investors earlier in the day. Mr. Siegmund's departure date hasn't been determined, according to the filing.\
\
No cause was immediately provided for Mr. Siegmund's exit. Mr. Siegmund joined 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  in 1999 and was named CFO in November 2012.\
\
Mr. Siegmund's exit also comes as two activist hedge funds, D.E. Shaw Group and Sachem Head Capital Management, have built stakes in the firm. The Wall Street Journal reported last month the investors hadn't yet decided whether to push for changes at the company, citing people familiar with the matter, but had separately met with 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  management.\
\
Shares in 
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  were up 1.6% to $136.25 in Tuesday trading.\
\
Write to Bowdeya Tweh at Bowdeya.Tweh@wsj.com\
\
12 Jun 2018 18:16 ET  
\f2\b ADP
\f1\b0  CFO Jan Siegmund Plans to Leave Company -- Update\
\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf0 \
By Cara Lombardo and Maria Armental 
\f4 \
\

\f5\b Automatic Data
\f3\b0  Processing Inc.'s finance chief plans to resign from his post, the payroll-processing company said Tuesday, a departure that comes as the firm faces scrutiny from a trio of activist investors.
\f4 \
\

\f3 Jan Siegmund will remain in the role while 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  looks for a replacement, Chief Executive Carlos Rodriguez said during a meeting with investors Tuesday. He said Mr. Siegmund had been planning to leave for a while, but the company had "successfully convinced him for some period of time now to stick around, because of all the exciting things we have going on."
\f4 \
\

\f3 Mr. Siegmund joined 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  in 1999 and was tapped as CFO in November 2012.
\f4 \
\

\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  executives on Tuesday outlined plans to increase margins and accelerate the rollout of their newest platforms. The company, which offers human-resources software that handles such tasks as payroll processing and timekeeping, said it expects to reach its target for adjusted 
\f5\b earnings
\f3\b0  before interest and tax margin of between 21% and 22% a year ahead of schedule.
\f4 \
\

\f3 Shares closed up 4% at $139.30 Tuesday.
\f4 \
\

\f3 As it tries to jump-start growth, 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  has been facing increased pressure from activist investors including William Ackman.
\f4 \
\

\f3 Last year, the company defeated Mr. Ackman in a heated proxy fight. Mr. Ackman had accused 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  of falling behind technology-heavy startups, and said its margins were "vastly below their potential." At the heart of 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 's problems, he charged, was an "insular, bureaucratic and staid corporate culture."
\f4 \
\

\f3 Since then, Mr. Ackman has said he is encouraged by 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 's recent performance, including accelerated bookings and improved business retention. His Pershing Square Capital Management LP, which owns about 7.2% of 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 , including derivatives, hasn't called for Mr. Siegmund's departure.
\f4 \
\

\f3 Two other activist hedge funds, D.E. Shaw Group and Sachem Head Capital Management, have also built stakes in the firm. The Wall Street Journal reported in May that the investors hadn't decided whether to push for changes at the company, citing people familiar with the matter, but had separately met with 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  management.
\f4 \
\

\f3 Research firm Management CV last year criticized Mr. Ackman's proxy fight as misguided but noted it raised some valid points. It said 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  should change its CFO.
\f4 \
\

\f3 Mr. Siegmund, the research firm wrote, "is an 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  lifer (like CEO Rodriguez) and is unlikely to be able to exact the hard cost cuts and restructuring steps that would materially shrink 
\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0 's cost base and improve operating margins."
\f4 \
\

\f3 Renny Ponvert, Management CV's research director, said Tuesday in an interview that Mr. Rodriguez needs a counterbalance to help him run the company, rather than someone who "just works for him as a clerical CFO."
\f4 \
\

\f5\b ADP
\f3\b0  declined to comment on Management CV's criticism, but the company has repeatedly defended its executives.
\f4 \
\

\f3 --Bowdeya Tweh contributed to this article.
\f4 \
\

\f3 Write to Cara Lombardo at cara.lombardo@wsj.com and Maria Armental at maria.armental@wsj.com
\f4 \
\

\f3 (END) Dow Jones Newswires
\f4 \
\

\f3 June 12, 2018 18:16 ET (22:16 GMT)
\f4 \
\
Document DJDN000020180612ee6c0024u\
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \

\f2\b Search Summary
\f1\b0 \
\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0  Text\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab360\li50\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 fds=Audat and (Automatic data processing/f25/) and (atleast2 Automatic data or atleast2 adp) and (atleast1 earnings or atleast1 EPS or atleast1 profit or atleast1 income or atleast1 loss) and wc>49\cell \lastrow\row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0    Date\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab360\li50\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 31/01/2004 to 30/06/2018\cell \lastrow\row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0    Source\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab360\li50\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Dow Jones Newswires Or Reuters Newswires Or The Wall Street Journal - All sources\cell \lastrow\row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0    Author\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab360\li50\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 All Authors\cell \lastrow\row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0    Company\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab360\li50\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 All Companies\cell \lastrow\row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0    Subject\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab360\li50\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 All Subjects\cell \lastrow\row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0    Industry\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab360\li50\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 All Industries\cell \lastrow\row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0    Region\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab360\li50\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 United States\cell \lastrow\row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0    Language\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab360\li50\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 English\cell \lastrow\row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0    Results Found\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab360\li50\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 242\cell \lastrow\row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0    Timestamp\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab360\li50\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 26 November 2018 0:43\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab360\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0   \
}